#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1BZEJkRWM1RlVWb1ptVHRSWE9aeDJVNE1uZGtGSGM2eG1SMHRpVTNKemF4Y1ZScWRHU1dWRE9EbHpaemNVTXlGVGExVnpVUkpuYzZaSFVaVlVONkZ6ZHpKbE13WWtRMlJsVlpSa1NOeFdVMklEU1NsVWNCdHlRaWhuYXpaVWV2WjFWdmRXWXdjemFqUlZjTDUyVW90V1Q1eFViVFpsYll4V1M0a0RNYUZVYUJGa1E2ZFhPeVpqZXljMU12Vm5hck1XV0laVWE0SUVXSnAwWndSM2REaHpVT2xtV29kVllwWjNhQk5WVmtkWFFvMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13YTBRSGN4RXpNMGxUWXdCMVJ5RlhiU3BWYTJ3V2RtWlhjcUozU3lKRE15SVhXMFIzYUVwMFYzZ0ZiYUZXUzRsRU1wRlhaUlIzVGxoM1lwUlRObEZsZGxSak5EeG1jNGxVVDVoMVloZG1iRTlXWXhRMmNEUkdlS2gwUW5sVmJ0MTBMbXBHTVd0U1NWRmtlbGhFT1dsMWNwdG1aRmxVUU5kWGR4cFZZSk5HZTJNa2Qyc21TNmhrYXhZekxhdEdjckUxUnZkbmNOOWtjTUYzYnBKWFdYSkdkWmRHTXdNVlZSWmphMncyVFJoVFVwMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1RY1JSRGNNaERib1J6WTA5VVpPOVdPWUZqV3VGM1pKZEdWS2hWVHFobFl0RmxhMDAyZHNORVN1cFVjQlp6VFhSamE0RnpVeFpETndJSGFEaFVkM01FY1M5MGNsVnpVdUpUTjZORFpPMTJjdXBuV25oa2JYZDBaTmR6VXRsM2JETkRaanRtUWhsV05PcFVkc0pWWjFnbVV3Vm5UTk5uUmpwbWJ1SkVkNFlFZG05eVJSTlRWdUp6ZGtOMktsVkhjVUZHWmhoVGJKUldVMGdHYzZkSE0xVTJMaE4zUTFrR1V5MGthMEVqTkVCemQ2MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1BZXFkV1dqSjFabzUyY0haR1cxMFdkTkZWT1JoWGNsRlRhMHdrWndsMGQ1d1dOTzUyTWxKek4zaFRlUjFtWlJkSFIzSkROYXRtYXdJWFZJbEhXSVpIYm1GbGVZeG1WclIwWjFoa1pJcEdVRFJYY25abGRwMWtVR2RYUnlKa1FMOTBUNlZIY3d0RVJ5bFZhNW8xYjNSVmEwRm5TUmRIVDE4bVp5WmxXVEpUZTVZMlowRkVWb2RsWjB3MExJbFdOTkYxS3pJVmR1RjJjQlZrWXpsMFNRaGxXR2xXY2laSFI0Y1RjMGdVUTJaemQ0MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13Y3doV1pCSlZNdjEyWURSVmExMVdNeXNtYzBNSGVIRkdiNmxVVjJWRFY0WTNSUWRuWnZOMU14eDBia2hsWU5kM1Z4aGtRUWhGZXZOblJUNUVVVkZrYzVCM1F1TlhUMDVFYVpaVmV4SjNONnQwYTV4RWRMVkZXMWdIU3NOMGNVVnpMUzEyUTVVbmF0cDFhcFZFWnYxMlZuQmxRTmhuVXdBM1lQZEdiTEJuZFNkelJyUjJRNWxEZTMxR1pMbEdOS05WYW9WVmJ2MG1TMVJuYjZ0U1Y1QUhNenNXZWhsellsWjNhNnRtUkpsVVF3MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1BY0J0a1docFhacWhrWVlkR1NUZFhhNmxUWVdka2NhWjBSaE5sZXRkbVJ0cDJSc3BXWU10V1NKRmthc3BuWnpKak53ZEVSME0wYkNkMlZHSjJkTGwwZEs1bVQxMEdiNlpYTlFSemFzTkhaUmhUWTQ4R2IwbGxadzhFUm5WWGIwTTFjMWtXZTNSbFZaSm5iSlZIVzJFRU5yVlZUWFYzTjA1V01aMWtVMGRGYkhsa2F2VUVhdVYyWVRGMFFHdFdVakZFTjFsRWEyOEVVMVl6YjVabk13TTJiMlpuU2xkWFNHOTJiQmQzTG9CMWR0MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13ZEJ0a1docFhadGhrWVlkR1NUcFdhNmxUWVdkVWNhWjBSWXgwTDBORE9ZTmtReFFIWktoMlpOeFVkNXBVWlhOVWQ2ZDFkSnAzYXRwSGRJaEZVcmgxYTFrVlZ0eFdObjVFZHJZSE1WUm5Rd1lWV3cwMmJ6WURVaWwyU3A1MmF1bFZNRGxuYUR0MGNhVjNkcE5XUWk5aWF1Um1SdFprVkp4V1V2QVhPNWhXYUNKMGNoeDJhNGREUjFVbVEzdG1kelFqVHFWV2RQWjJUNFZFUnQ5U1UxY3piREJuUlNSV09hbHpjMEVET1FWMGRzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?dWgzWjFVR2NsTkhSNGtHTVlKRGQ0UUVlcmxYVDBwMVQybEhTNW8zVDVNbmMwNFVhMllVWnJZbVZzUkdaeGxqVXhGWFEyRjBOcmNVZDRFa1VYZEVkNTltYUN4a01wdDJhMUVrTnp0MmNvWlhWNFFYVnNWVmQyQkZSVnAyTjNsR2NyTlhjdVZEVURWRWIzRmxhejBtYzRrM05YTm1VNWtIYlh0R1ZEZEhlNFZ6YWFsbE1WTjNSMGtUTUR4V2FrdDJNelYwTTJKRWVURjJZSmQyY3FaMFIxVVhkNUpuWUVsa001OVdSaWxsWnJJM1lWRkVid2xtZTQwMFZIZEVhNlpqU1NOR1J3d0dTcDlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?dmgzWjFVR2NsWkhSNGtHTVlKRGE0UUVlcmxYVDVwMVQyOUNNdHQyU00xRWRQWkdlMmRtYU41R1oyUlRRNjEyYkZ4V2JGcDNTemtGYnlFRGJuSlZZcEZWWllGME14VlhTNE1uZVZsVWFsZGxOYU4zUXE1MlVDOVNOaGhuZWtwMkt2YzFiRE5FY3dWalYwbHpjT2RWYkNwSFZ0Um1kVXBYZE94a2F4SlRPb1owVDJjaldMRlhTUEZGZVkxMFpteGtNRTFtVjBKbFltRkVaTTlXU0hKWFV3UkZlbHAzS3ZRSE81ZFhVNTltUWpSWFJzSlZSMlprYnNaVGJtWlhSMFpUTXdZbVlaeG1jTzFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?MmgzWjFVR2NscEdSNGtHTVlKamI0UUVlcmxYVHVwMVQyOXlLMGxXUlpKemFPNUdhSDlFTTJwR1V3WkhaME1tZEZwWFRqdEVTQ1ZFZEtoRWFZaERjenBrTUpOMGJLQm5SMzVHYnc5bWRIcFhZc2wyWXZkMVRueDJTV2RYWlVGRlNOSjFiSXhHVzRvbFd4TkRUUXRTT3FkblZxdEVWb2QyY0RGelJ0dG1XeVJHVUdOMk56NVdUUlYyWjBSMmRZdFdiMFFrVzBOVU5EaG1ZWU5YVlhKblkxaEZjUEZYVXNOV1FvdFVad1FYT0U1V1U1bFdZWlJuZDVVWGV3aGxWd2RXYnZoVE91MW1kcFZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13YTAwV012WlVleFJVWlFkWFIxWlhPbU5XZTJwbmNpWkVUeTBrVnZaelMycDFMTFIzYWlaMVE0c0NhVUZqTjRwR2M1MW1lMFJXT3JnV1VPcDBVbXRTYXdjWFY2UkdPcWQxY2lsbmJ2UTNNb2wwTG1wV2FRcGtTWWRrVW9oRWJucDNLeHNXWTFFbVFOMUVkelpqTTVwWGJvRkhkNHNpVno4R1V2b1dhelEyYXk1bU1aWm5aNHRtZUZSM1JHcDJhcGhuVTZWemFycFVWMTQyYjVsMFloTkVOU05YUWs1RVdybERibHBVVjRoelp4MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1BYm1Cek4yWURTekZHV3ZNa1JSeEdPYWRUU0p4MmJ5OGlVRUJGZXpwRlJJVkhkcmhYY3lwbmJTRjJjeGRtU0YxMlU2Vm5jRlYwUUZkbVQxZEROcjlHZDBFbVlNUmpadWhYUVd4MmM0Z0daamhWWTBBSGNNbERTQ3hrZHpCMVJ5SUZSbmgzUzZsVlRrSlViYXBHZXhWMFp1aFVScWx6Vng5V2RPOVdkQkJWY3loWGFpaERNMEYyVDVKa05ZaDNjNVp6UWlsRWJ3cG1NVFZWUXBCbFZ5ZDJUd3NXU1pGVU1HaERkR0ZtUjI4MmR5MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71NOXoPAO3L._AC_UL600_SR600,600_.png" group-title="Informative Channel", AKC TV
http://?eWxuUngxVWVOTlhNcUZXYTJnamM1dFVTWTlFV3dsblFFTmpXbTltUVI1V1dDdGlkTk5UTzFSV1UzSkdibUprUzFKSFJVZGtONGtqYnpWbWIzNVVlNHAwZEZsMGJhMUdNb1ZWUlBCRGFyQnpMdDlXT3h0MGMwTlZWb2RHVjJKbVJ6QlZianBVZVhoMU1yZG1SbzVtU3RkR1RyZ1Zhd2RVY3laemNvOW1XNFpXVzFWMVZsaEhWV0IzWnhkRWJaTkRiR05XTnBWR2JUSkdhbjEyYUtGRlYya1diamRuWVZSSFQ0OUVNMWhqWnI1R2QyQlhNYUpEYWtWVlptTldadlpFYlBKVmNNWjNadUIzUjJZM2JDUmxReHRrU3BWRVY0SXpWeU1uTW1CbFIwRUViV2QyUW9oM04zTkVhMmxqTjUxbVR1UkVUSUYxYmk5ME1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1BZW1wSE41TVRkMVZuZHYwV1VsTm5OS1pGT3JZamFuQjFjRHBFU3FGME0yczBSNHNtZUZsMGF6ZGtkSWRYYlpsRFQ1WkhVdlpYWjRGWFUwRm5hdGRWZDNZbGV5OVVWeVpHUzE5a2VCVlhSa1ZqU2pWMmJNcG1TMVFrY3NwblYySmxlTmhuVkN0eU5VcG5idGgwY0VkMEs0eFVUWWhuZTBOWFNRbHphckZFYjJSbWF3WjFRcE5UUVlwa1J4YzNZem9YZXNsV2RhdFVNeFF6TW5kMVlSbFZWTVZIYkJoV1lpcFVhWlpVZTBjelo2MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1BYUk1VVlCQlZPcVYxS2lkV1dEcDJiSXR5YnlKRmRIUjFRRlJuVG5wVWJCOUdOenhHYzNna1MxbFhkUVpYVGl0R01wSlZZbFZqVjJGSGNtWlZZYTFHZTNvblNsaDJSMU5uU3FSMFQ1Um5jbTFFUm5GR2NySjNUcklrVzJSMWRHUkRkSkJIV3FOSFpxTnpkdEptWm10Q2E0ZHpUSVpHVHpGWE53VjFaMjUwZE1sRlJzVmpZM04wWXhCSFRURjNZQ0ZUYXdWR2JGMW1SME1qZTNsVFRXbGxRczVXZWpGRVR0aEhkeWhsUzZ4VVExMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13ZHhGRVYwWlZWdjVVY3pFbVZzbG5OdHRpZFJ4RWN6a1RjTDl5VXZwSE5PUlZjM0luVjBVVlNwcEdlRXAzWVdOVFQzSmpZbkYyWTRCWFUyVjNibU5qZDNsWFRZVlVXdVZVZHJrRFd0ZDNkTkprVm94MFoyZDNWT0JGVjJsekx6Tm1UdmdHYUtOM012WTNhclJFZXU5R040VjJNYWxsYzNFSE1VWkZPYTlDYnVaRU0wZ25OM0ZuYUhobWVNZFhSS0IzU3BCVGNwaFVVc1JUWjJCalRPVjBhTmhXVElCSFNNSlVlaGhHZExwVlF5MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13YTUxR1RWaGxSb1IwYXd4RVZ5SUhjNFJrV0cxR2IwaGtSMXcwTXJSalFOeDBheElYVGtSVWEyY25jM2dFUnlwVlpzaEVNMVFuZXF4R1JNNUdTeFpHZFRoak1KUjBibnAyVVNkbk5DeG1ReUVWZUhSV2J5WlVhcTFXVTBkamFyTnphTkozUlpCMVJtdFVlU2xFYW1kRlczWkZPbU5EYUlwbmV5WldkdnRrYWFoVk9PQjFkcmxqWmk5MGQ0dEdWNmhHTVBoVmNZWnpaS1ptZDRKRGIxdzBOajUyS1ZGa01sTlhiVzlpY0k1MmR6MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Mastiii
http://?dnQwTVZ4MFl5MTJkdHhHT3Q1RWUyWVdiMmNIV3oxbVNSbG5VTGxYV3dWME5wbEVjU0JUYTM0VVR5NUdVMUUxS1FCM053ZHpZdkZFZHhjSFd2UUdieUZsVU5OWFFpZDNWR0pIY1pobmFydFVWSTlXVTFSVlNCcDBOVUozWVdWWFlPOTBjVDFXVVRoRk13aEdVcFJUYlpwMll4RlVaUWhGYjFnMVJSaDBkNloxTVY1bVJ4Z25UdE4wTnBWSGJxWkZWeVpqYTRSMWRocGtWcWRtTjNJM1YwY0ZhYXhrWXp4MlNvbDBiamhIYkhKWFRIcG1ieEUwWnZjMmQzczJNenAyUU9GRE12VTNVNGdXZUJsR2NaRm5aSGhsV3NSVFVQRmxVdDVtUUtaa1I0ZHpiQzFXZHd0V04zOXliMEoyU01sWFk1bGtTT2hrYk90V1NSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music Mastii
http://?dHQwTVZ4MFl5cDJkdHhHT3Q1MGMyWVdiMmNIV3IxbVNSbG5VTHBXV3dWME5wbEVjU0JUYTM0VVRwNUdVMUUxS1FoM053ZHpZdkZVZHhjSFd2UUdiM0ZsVU5OWFFpRjNWR0pIY1pobmFydFVWSTlXVXpSVlNCcDBOVTkyWVdWWFlPOUVkVDFXVVRoRk0zaEdVcFJUYlpOM1l4RlVaUWhGYjFnMVJSaDBkdloxTVY1bVJ4d21UdE4wTnBWM2JxWkZWeVpqYXBSMWRocGtWcWRuTjNJM1YwY0ZlYXhrWXp4MlN2bDBiamhIYkhkWFRIcG1ieEVrY3ZjMmQzczJNb3AyUU9GRE12STNVNGdXZUJsV2RaRm5aSGhsV3pSVFVQRmxVdFpuUUtaa1I0ZERjQzFXZHd0V051OXliMEoyU010V1k1bGtTT2hVYU90V1NSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Mk Tunes
http://?eXQwTVZ4MFl5SjNkdHhHT3Q1VWUyWVdiMmNIV3cxbVNScDNiME1IVXZnVlFZTjBkR1IwTmFCVE5xNWtTa3hHVmFkR1J5WTJWcjgwY3FORE5GaGphNDFrYmFkSGRxNW1UMFJ6VkVkSGU1NFVXV2xtZDBsRmVPTm1NNG9tVXA5MEt3UjBickYzTmxKSGJ3QnpScUpYT1NGbmJSZERkblZIYnhRVFQyQXpTcnR5Vm10aWJaVjNWMWwxTFBoV2J0TjNTMk4wS3pOMVZ2WURjdHhtZVVGMWJqWjFha0ZXVFg5R095cGtTNFJGVTVFWGRzSlZSRjFVYnQ1bVUyVVhjc2hWWjFCVGR1cFhXUEpFTWx0V2UwTkdXNlYwTDVka014VURXVmxYUlVSMmQxUmphSkZUUjNORE4zaDFOMU1VZE14bVZNMVdiMVJuZFZaVlcwZFZUNGRuVU90R2QwOW1XdkFUUmhwVWJFVldVUUZtYzIxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", B4U Kadak
http://?b3QwTVZ4MFl5QjNkdHhHT3Q1MGEyWVdiMmNIV3YxbVNSaFhUYUZYZXNaR1YzUlRlMUprU09abmF0dHlMWTFHZG1aWGVDVlhTMkFEZURSRmN0bGphdUZIZTBZMlV4cEhSNGdsVkIxRWFyOVNZMGgwUXRKa1ZDZGxNTnBYWUZGVFFaaERhRnAyVkt0eVlxcEZSWDVFVU1WM01xVldhbmxHZUt0bVF0SjFSc1IwZE1wRk1scFhSUXRTWU1aV2VWNTBjMGxuTnM5MlFxZG1jaWgyYTRZMk14VUhkTFowVE1GRE4yeGtTTUZEV3dobVQwcG5SdmNHZXk4eVIxWmpSMGx6UUdwbGFoaFhkakIxZDBObWN6RlhTNFpVZXBwblRzZGpTcTVtZXhVa1NYQjNiSlJYWXZCRk94eDJUMUZGTmlKM05CVmticjRVZW10MFZMVmpXMTVXZG1KRk41ODJLSzFFTXBwVWU1bzFjTmxWVm5SVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/a/ab/B4U_Kadak.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20200320100818" group-title="ULS PLus", B4U Kadak
http://?bnQwTVZ4MFl5VjNkdHhHT3Q1VWEyWVdiMmNIV3MxbVNSaFhUYWhXZXNaR1YzUkRkMUprU09abmF0dHlMWTFHZG01V2VDVlhTMkFqYkRSRmN0bGphNUZIZTBZMlV4dEdSNGdsVkIxa2JyOVNZMGgwUXFKa1ZDZGxNTnBXWUZGVFFaaGphRnAyVkt0eVlwcEZSWDVFVU10Mk1xVldhbmxtY0t0bVF0SjFSNFIwZE1wRk1scFdSUXRTWU1aR2RWNTBjMGxuTnQ5MlFxZG1jaTEyYTRZMk14VTNiTFowVE1GRE52eGtTTUZEV3d4bVQwcG5SdmNtY3k4eVIxWmpSeGx6UUdwbGFoOVdkakIxZDBOV2J6RlhTNFpVZTZwblRzZGpTcXBuZXhVa1NYQm5hSlJYWXZCRk8yeDJUMUZGTml4Mk5CVmticjRVZG10MFZMVmpXMzVXZG1KRk41VTNLSzFFTXBwVWU1bzFjTmxWVnVSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/857130996499722241/n1sI-sPl.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 7 S Music
http://?dnQwTVZ4MFl5aDNkdHhHT3Q1RWIyWVdiMmNIV3kxbVNSSkRiaXBXVnVkVVEwRVRkU1IyUm5OMlRvQnpWdFpFUlRoWFR6dG1VNElUZERaV2J4QWpSMDlrYzU4V1JNTm5VelFtZURSRmRhRnpWNlZHU3hsa1ZKOUdiNkpuVXc5MlI2UlZjMjFVV05Gak0xRjBSMUVFYzE0V1dONTJMb2xHYm9aRFpobGtXM0ZWVnBGa2Vyb0hXdlprWkQ1RWRZNWtUUHRTUTBabGU0SUdaU2htZTNsVE1IVjNkMkVXU250RVQxSkRSWXhVVFNoSFdZZFhjTXBsYnRSVVJyRVRaMlZuVWFkMlQxZ21aWUYwUVFGemFoUlhkS3QyYnlSMkwyMTBjMjBHU3ZOV2VyTWxiVGhGYUxOemN3ZDJieWdUV2hWblN3TmphM0YxWjNGbU5EWjJhMEJuVndWMExHZFdkaDkwVWF4R2JGaDJZeWwxUnpOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", DD National
http://?c3QwTVZ4MFl5aDJkdHhHT3Q1MGQyWVdiMmNIVzUxbVNSTnpjdXgyZG1Obk12RUZhRWQwWTFkSFpxaEZTejlFYnVkMksxUlhUd1pWYUhGamR6SlRVNEZVUkZCbk1IcDJLdkFWVHVOMmExSkVackoyVnRSM0x5aDJOSnBXVDBaVE14WTJjaTEyVVcxV2IxRjJMeFVGVUloWGV3VjNad0VYY1pkbU5HcDNibnBGWnJKVlphbFdlMVJUYzM5VWRqbERlb1IyUnFGRlduVmplejRHUzE1bWRRMUdhM0FETVNCVlUwWmxScVJXVFZkR1RYRmtSd01tYUxOa2FFUm1Oc1ZIZTNRbFZPVjNMNFZUWXJnSGFQaFdNejhDZDRGMFNKeDJheHdHUktwV1NuTlZjVFoxSzI4RWU2UnpVRGgzUXZsMlZybDBhc3RTZTVSV2J0TjNZNlYwTHJRelJMNTJad1YxY2w5eWNtNW1aRVpHYXZSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722381_ico.png?ts=1613155033" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", DD Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", DD National
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Isai Aruvi
http://?dnQwTVZ4MFl5TjNkdHhHT3Q1a2MyWVdiMmNIV28xbVNSbG5SaGRIUk9KamJadGljTU4xVXZkV1Z4cFdSRTVXZHBwR2RweGtXcjFHZTNRbVlsaDJWdnBITkVSV2J5bFhSc2RHWm1kR2JsZERaMVUxSzRwbFl2WlRjdDFtVHBOWFpySUVjMGduVXJkbFUxRjBSM2t6TVFsM2E0RlhheE1EZG9ORk5uQm5WdUowYjBrR1U0MVdhT2RtVlZWRWNVUkVTbzl5TTJSVlpoVjBNNUUzTjRVVmVxOXlhbkoxWjFNWFR3ZG1ZMDkyWTJrWFpyWkhWck1GYXFwbVI0ZEVacUoyTmxsM1k0bDJUM0ZXY1h0a2NpbGtkc3BHYXFKbGR6RlRXaXRtY3cxa1pyTjFaaXRFZDFwblE0WlRTenAwTDRZWE9XVkdUMnBFYXJOVlI0bEZPdE5sVzZKVGJ3Z25SeVVrUVhObGMzMGtXWXBsTnJSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Kasthuri TV
http://?dHQwTVZ4MFl5SjNkdHhHT3Q1RWIyWVdiMmNIVzUxbVNSbEROU1JuWjNGVFFKRlZlMkJUTlE1RU8xaDNSaWwyWlVaSFJtUmxNMVZVYVBoSE52OGtXelJWVFJWWGN2Z1dWRFJ6YnA1R2F2UkRNSU4xU3VsbVVFZFdhdmNuUVJkVFRsVjBjb1ZEWktsa1lyRnpWRHhXYURSblFWSjNTNE5qZFQxbVEyQTFUMVpYY3lVektIOTJLc0ZtTUs5MGJoTjNUMU0zS3poblVydzJRdjFtYW5SalNxNVVhaEZHTjVRM2F3dEdWM1FXYnlvWFEyVjBaUzFtYURCblVMdEdSdUZ6WW9WR1VZSkhVakprVExoelp0UmxUV0pXWnE5RU9TcEZld2cyYVdwWGV3a21heVZUUnJSemM2SjJjSTVVT09OWFlhQlRVd1pqYzBaMWFtbEVaMEpXVERGR05zZFdRM0VUWnZzQ2U0VlRWNXBWYXJ0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Public Music
http://?dnQwTVZ4MFl5RjNkdHhHT3Q1a2UyWVdiMmNIV24xbVNSZG5OWHhXZUh0R1J5WjNkNEltUXJFa2EwQlZkeE0yVERWWE8zVWtlck5VZGFWalpzbFdUeE5uZXlNV1RPbFhNdzEwZDVOM2JNTnpReElVYW9aWE9XZEZlTU5uWnZ3V2RMbFVidFoxVjRSMVowbFZkRVYyWWFKbllYQmxZd1oxYWtwRWFVWnpac0ZtZFpkVE14azJMeXdHZG5GRmVyTTJLSUZVTXVsbWJQaDBUT0puWjU5a2JwMTBjQ2huVzVNWGR5WjJOMmxHT1c5bVcwY2xTSzVtZEtGVWVadHlNb05XU2xGVU8xSlhaMVoxVVZkMGFRUm5WcWhrVDNwVk1hTkdhUmhXVXhCbFEySjBkQmhtTVZOVVJ5SnphSWRsY2FOM2F6WWtVck56WlVWMlpWQkhWdFIzUzNVMUxvbDJaVFZUY3k1bWRsTlRUa2hrWnVSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/k9kHJv9.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Gabruu TV
http://?PWtIWmxkRGJJZGpkNjFtYmxSek51VmxiQ3BIYUJ0MkwwSTNaeEZEZWlOVU15a25Vd3RVWlJsRmFvOUdVc0pWVzAxV2FSaFRldjhrUXdsRk1MUmtUS2QyU0taVGUySldjbEZ6VXZRSGRxaEVOeEpWUVpsM0xGdHljeEpXYnFoM2N4WTFZdHBHZWtaemNOcDNjcmhrZTZ4a2JITlVleFZFVTBabFU2bDFVcFpYT2pWRFZzRjFaVGQzVE1kemFwaFZTMXNDYVY1R01WWjBRekJ6YzVjMUx4cFdNb1JsUUNwR1UzRjNVWWRXTVRaVmFSUlVUdmdUU3pWa05zbFhOTzVXUUxkWFNvSjNkUEJIUm10V1UyWjNZVUZWZTBFM04zSm5ScTVHYlRaR1J1Wm5a
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/zh/f/f8/CCTV-15_Logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", CCTV15
http://?cGxUWjVoSFZ5UVhXa2xFYVo1V2R3VjFhNE4yUTRsekx3RUdVMjBHYkxSSFZGTnpjS0YzYXBKRFV0UkdkR0ZHY1hOWFlrSkZjWE5IYlBSV2RuZG5WNFpGV0xobVN3ZEdWaUZXU2FkRGRZTjNidUZUWXJGRWFhNVdVTHBtU3hJemRhNVdheVlqTjY5eVl6dGllMEZqWnJRSGVWVjFMQkZtYTJ0RVp6MEdXcVJ6ZDNwVlNoQkhTb0JYTzEwR2FqcFZiaFIySzA5aVJsRm1NenBYU2FKRFczTkdlb1pEYUJsRE55TkZPelVYYW5OM1kzSW1jdDkwYkdoemRKWlZTb2hIV0JoSFd3Tm5RUzkwUVloRWIzVlZiMlpIVDJOa1NYMTJTNGtIWkpKMExzZFRjdEJYVXFwVWRzQmpRdmdEZElsM040OGlhT0puZTVnelozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.nettv.live/uploads/19/1-191215202451457.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", NewTVæœªæ?¥ç”µè§† åŠ¨ä½œç”µå½± (Backup)
http://?cGxUWjVoSFZ5a1dXa2xFYVo1bWN3VjFhNE4yUXpsekx3RUdVMmtIYkxSSFZGTmplS0YzYXBKRFUwUkdkR0ZHY1hSWFdyaFRXMWMzY1NkelR0aDFWeFJrY0VsVVpVcFhaMmtIUzFFMWIzVlZRaVIxYXJWR2FSTjNkV2QzTDNGbmF6Y2phbGhFVUsxVWMxWmtkUDVrY3NSWGNPZDJOcUpWYjRCVlEwc1djdWxXU3ZoRVQyaFhkejFHVFNwV2JrSkdSTlYwYTFkR2VoaDFacngyVVdGR2N0TldjQ3BVT1lGV1p5VldZclZUZGFaSFpKRlZkMUVHZEp4a1FDTjFLNFJXVXJKM0t0OUdNUWhXWWtkM2QzUkdWM28wZG54MkxHbFdiVjEyVVl4bVZHWkVhdWxsZW05aVN2RkdhTjlFU0Q5bWVzVlhhMHcwZG9oMk1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.nettv.live/uploads/allimg/19/1-1Z5092006450-L.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", é»‘èŽ“ç”µå½±
http://?dWxUWjVoSFZ5UVhXa2xFYVo1V2F3VjFhNE4yUTVsekx3RUdVMllIYkxSSFZGTmplS0YzYXBKRFU0UkdkR0ZHY1h0V1cwa1RheGQwYlZWblNZaGpiNkpuV3lCelpEZFhjclZrTXZFMWE0OFNNVmhUT3dKektWbFRRTEZYWmtKRGVHNWthd2htVjBrRVR6TkdPUFpGU1BoSFJaRmtUbUJqZUdGbFJPWkdWNFZUTVdOVGMyNVdNSVpHTnJ0eVpUWkZNS0oySzV0Q2VxbG1SdEIzWjIwV2Q1OENlSk5YTnU5R1N1ZFZiS1ZqUTVkSFY2TkhOeDRtZXJCM0xzaERjNU5YUVZobFlNaFhhUEZUV1FkWGJ6UTNaNEFUWnI5V1prWmxjNVZIYlRaRmFzaGtkM0ZFZUpoblIxdDJWM0YwTXhBM1F6bEZNMWswYmFKRVduMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608031_ico.png?ts=1613147259" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel T1
http://?PWszSzR3V1NpdDBjNmhqYTJjR1N3TlRVNTkyYXhSbmVuQmpZbE5tY1Bsa1VOVlVadGxYTU1sV1pSTm5acmhrVXJsMmNrZFZSdjFFYTFOVFk0WnpLaE5IVDJoMlkzRldhV3BuVFJaSFdvZGxibFJuY0VoSE55RW1ReGdsZHdaMkt4bzJaMTVrTXhVVGJ3cFhTa2gzVUxkRmUzeDBLWloyTjVWak53cGxiczlHU3kwV1lpZEdhaGhFVGhKRmE0RjBVNVEzS0g5R1pMRlRVT05UYVo5RVYxTUZXelJuTUlKRFRTZEhOTGxIWnRGRGNVVmpUSjVFUnpOamNyVkdkRWxYUmF0MGF1TjNkcHRDTzE0V2E2bDBWd0pUYzRvWFl2RmpRc1JrZUxKRU4xUlRR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/t8CpYpP/LcUYuJ5.png" group-title="Music Channel", Med MuzÃ®k
http://?PW9tTjFORk8yTTFid3RVWXdRa1czdFVPNU1VZXM5bVp0dDBOMHBWZTNoVFpWTlhOdlJ6VEhOalI2MUdlbHBuZDRoVmVETm1VdjhFT3VGbmRLRjFRbzVtVjVOVGVOTjNaeTBFTjRWamU0VlhVcm9sYlM5R1d2cEdWNVVUZTJjbFpEbGxXMWxGVGlWa1pxTm5hRTltZTVSRmRJUldaaDl5TjZkSE9SaGtOV1JYVHE5bWJ4aEVlWmxIVHhnVllxTmpUQ3htWjFWblJGUlhhRkpVY0Noa013OFNhcVJUT2hWbE5pOVdTVEpWUUhsRWNEZDJLRnRXWTNKRlN1UlVhSUpYVm5oa1UzdEdkc3RXVHJsVVE2cFhPMjlpWXVoSFJLbFdWWnBYZTJwV1l4ZEVN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.jhanjartvindia.com/images/Jhanjar_Logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar HD
http://?PWNYTzBvVk9HWlVhQ1JEWnlVblN4OTBUc3hXV0JGM1VqOVVUcGhWYXZNMkx4bGtjNloxYzBZWE1QSlhZbVJuWU5sVWQxUjFZanR5Y3BSbWM0dHlUb1JYVnlJMVRJdEVjMUIzZFZWVlQwaDNkWkJuV1lSWGRCaFZhU0ZIZGhKRVN1eGtlclJWT1Fkekw1TW5ZR0ZuZE9oa2V2VXpSTmxUT3J0bVo1WjFRdGRIZFNGamRzOTBhd01UT09sVVkyTkRlTnBrZUNOSFM0RkZkRmgzZDNza1laeDBTdGxYVmtKelozbG1UelJWWW5Ga2EyNG1UNGgxU3lGM2J6UUZWSGRXVHNoV2N6b21id3BGUjUwRVJ4bHpWeE1GVEZsbk1MUmxURU56YUxaa1lVcDFS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gIYOu4i.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar Music
http://?NmxETmFsalJHWm5RMFFtTTFwa2FQOUVic2xWUXZOMVlQMVVhWXQyTGo5U2NKSkhiV05ITjJGelR6Rm1aMEpXVEo1V2RZOXljTDlFZXk4V1VFaFdXNWwxS3lZalM0d21ZSHgwUWlaamJ6MFdieVJGVnE1VU1VcDJSeUpIUzNoVmVxVm1lVUJWTnU1VWJ4WkVORWhXYVcxMmROMVdObE4yZEpOR2RYbG5RdEprWUZSVE9RaDJkdkExS2g1V2I2aHpSM01UVjZkMVk2TkhONXdHY1BGRlpueFVhb2wzVVBabk0zQkhTMk1VTlRobld1WmpSTFYxWnBKelV3bzNWMmhXZFhkSFRObEhVNE16UnMxa2QyTXpSV0JqZXJCVFlXWlhSeEZYTm1SVlJhbEVkWkZYVzBNVmIxTldiemtEV3FSbmQwZGpOTGREZXZFVldSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/609412_ico.png?ts=1613149292" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Itv BD
http://?emhFZEp0eWF6aDNicGgwTGx0eWNuUkZPd3RTYTRSVmJNdG1OdTFtZXp0MGEzbG1hNWtETVRWWFd4SkVNbnRDUjI0MlRzUkRkejRrZGhKM0tWaFVaeFZVVXhJWFlRRlhjRTlXT01CbGMybEhaM0pHTTFGRmQ0eFVPSDFHTk9aVlVJSmphWmhGZFdabGQwUmxSSk5HWkhKWE9HWlVXTGhrY3pVMllPbEZlcGxYWkh0MlpyZ0djd1lrUXlsVmFUTkdPQ3BuWnNGR1VuaFhReW9tV1o5VU1oVkZlVUZ6TndsMkt4dHlLNDhFZVpGbmN5UWpNbWR6YjRZelUySkVPdkoxTHZjemR4ZzNaVE5tWjJNR2FISlZZQkpIZHFObFZEaFdXMjFtZW9kWE91cDNiRVIxVk1KV2U0ZFRiVTl5Vm5kbVJwcEVUNWd6YzRSVWRzOWtWNWhEVHhBRGUxNTJZbU5UZVRSR2UzWXpiNDlXTngxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Z2Io8n4.png" group-title="Religious Channel", The Islamic Network
http://?d2hFZEp0eWF6NTJicGgwTGx0aWNuUkZPd3RTYTZSVmJNZG1lVkpIZFVGMFVYZDJibGxUWk01MGJxWkVOc1pYYzQ0MktwNVVkMVkxY3lJRVdYMUVkek5WVHU1a2MzTlhheWMwYjUxVWQyZ25VQk5GYnFWVFo1RTFLNTBtUXJOWGVsSkRldVZuWkxGMlJ3Wm1WVWxIV0hKSFJUSmtTNVUzY2lKMFQxNTBadzkwS01aM2MwZDNRelFITjBnSGNZSlRhSkZEUnF0MlR3VkdaUFZYTjVwVmIwbG1lUEZtYlZWVmN1MUVXMWdYYjZ0V2VhcGxVbUJGYU05VWU0VmpXd1ZtYzNNbFF4bDNOdlJYYldsbmJ0WmthVmhYYXhkMGI2SjFNc0ZuZXRWSE9uUlVjbFJrUUtKMEtwRkhUR1ZFZW9wbWE1bDFMMUExY01WelIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.navahang.com/apple-touch-icon.png" group-title="Music Channel", Navahang TV
http://?NFpFU09aVk4zaEdUdWgyVU1GMWNtSkZlNUl6UXRWM2F6Y3pTaXBIVG5KalVpbDJjSDFFTlROWE50aDFNYVJqTktoM2RKZGxabVIyYjBzMlN5dGtkdWwxUWpKbVVJMUdWMVpVVUkxVWVVRmxNdlV6TDNGRmFxSmxWMGtYVXJwRWE2WjNiSGxrVzJnWE96VjNNbU4zVWs1MlUwVURlRmwzYkJkblY1Y3pNeGxYYkkxR05xcG1VelVVUnhRRWJsVm1aeEYwYndwSFdWWnpVUGRtV0tSMGNGWkVkSFpqVHZFRE9vZDFMd3NpWVAxV09wdGlkMU5IZVJwblRCZFRkdDVtZHBoRlVLZFhTMjBVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nettv.live/uploads/allimg/20/1-2002112204140-L.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bahrain Quran TV
http://?MVZGYlJKR1cybG5ReUpYVFloRmUxUVZlNkZET3FkV04ySkZNWUozVUhOM1lZcGtiMHdFU2w5bVlvZFdNM3AxYXJsbk5YRjBjNWsxWjBNMVREcEdiNlZWTnVaVFQ2VkhXc1pVVnpCemNobGpOMVkyUjNkRE5qaFhXbUZIV0U5RU40VkRhd1lHZTNaalN6bDNVS1JEVzNrSGEwZ1VUbDlXYlFGVFJNVkVOM2hWTXdVVlV0Rm5ielZUUllOa2FhRlVVemRqYnBwM1ZzVjNkUTltU1FaVmE0SkZlM1VXZXZoa1J5dDJTU0IzWlNaM1ZDQmxNMklrYk05bWRHNW1UNkZWTnI4a1l1QlhPalpUUXhzMGNycG5jYVJYTXRSRlJpaEViTmRXTTI4RWVvQjNjcnNXT2hoalNubFVSa1JIY3RGM1U2Rm1SdnBIY3FOblJDaG5UelZrUWtSV1paVkhPMlFVT3JFMWJFdFNlcDltUnJSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 1HD Music
http://?MmxETnlKa2VzSm5jWUpWYm1CVmJucDJMWmgzZHloRGRPOVdiRGhXTUV0MGNqWm5idmdYUUhoVFR2UnpkcjBHZW1SWFkxY0RNQjlFZFJKMlRQbDJLMnhtWVgxVWJHcEhNekp6TTFFRmEwTkZaMGxrUXRSbE00SWxOUVYzUzRaSFdwVkhkUFZFZHFkRlMzWjNNV3BFV3g0bVlVOVVTcnNFZDJVRGFVVkdld3AyTDVoVk1KMUdVUnhFYmxoamFNRkZhSVJXTXBWRFpMOWthdEJYWldaMExTTkdhNlJUUjRkVFMzbERVdk4yVjF3V1d6MUVVRWhYZWtoVlc2VmpXclZITjJFRVpqdFdlSFZEVjBCRmJUVm5hdlV6WnRaRlNNaFVXc1pIYlZwRU5raEdiTE5XUVJsRlo0bGxVTmhrVDBwSGFJNTBadkYzYmpaV1pSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", One HD Music
http://?cGxETnlKa2VzZG1jWUpWYm1CVmJucDJMWmgzZHpoRGRPOVdiRDFXTUV0MGNqWkhhdmdYUUhoVFQxUnpkcjBHZW1SWFkxY0RNQjlVZFJKMlRQbDJLeHhtWVgxVWJHZEhNekp6TTFFVmEwTkZaMGxrUXhSbE00SWxOUVIzUzRaSFdwVkhlUFZFZHFkRlMxWjNNV3BFV3hZbllVOVVTcnNFZDJVRGFVVkdleXAyTDVoVk1KaEdVUnhFYmxoemFNRkZhSVJXTTZWRFpMOWthdEpYWldaMExTTm1hNlJUUjRkVFM1bERVdk4yVjEwV1d6MUVVRWgzYmtoVlc2VmpXNVZITjJFRVpqQlhlSFZEVjBCVmNUVm5hdlV6WjNaRlNNaFVXc2RIYlZwRU5raEdjTE5XUVJsRlp1bGxVTmhrVDA5R2FJNTBadkZYZGpaV1pSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824780_ico.png?ts=1613206048" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Bioskop
http://?PUluZHpoMWE0WUZka2RXUTJKSFZwNWtUUmRGVnI5V053NFdZSWhHYjNNblZEQjFWMFJITkNCM01pUjNNa2wxWkxGRmI0bFROeVZET3ZsVE9JOTBOcXAzUlJkVGRPUjBhd2xuUnBsbWUzaG1XRGR6TlJ0MlVhSm1ZdlFYY3hnSE5yUmtieE5uTkNKVFV5ZEdNMEVqZHAxMmRySVdSV2hVU3hoSFp4dGlkU2RXYnhFM1Z4aDFjT1pWTjZwR1RvbEZSWmxrTlhsMmN6dFNVRHgwYkxwSE9POUVWemxFTXlrblp2b0hhU0pYTXdFemFrTjFRcXBVUjZkM1NURjBLbEZuY2pKMmI1Z0RhaGQwYnhSMlY1cEZSMDVFVVVwMk1JTjFZM1VXZDJRSFVxZEdS
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/1/1374.1569972429.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Sony Movies
http://?MUJIUzFZblJUVjNSS0ZHVHVOemMwa1VhQmxUWm9sMlN5TjBUWFYzYWpOMWMwRVdhemdtU3ZkV1dxVmxWRVZ6VHJFbk0zcDBWbkozYVpGV093UURjd04xYTVNV2VaZEhOU2xEU3lFVWRDUkZhTkJYY25sM2NJRnpibmxXWVBGRk1oWmplMXMwZE1SVFR5WkhlejVtV1psR2RXRmtXcEJEYkg1VVlOVjJWdGhuUllwWGFMbG1TeXRrTTJvMVp2bEhONXNHVm9CRFJ0VkVhRzlXWlpaM1FwRjFabTltWjVFRk91cFVSTGhUVlVwV1pYbERVVzFrY3pCVlZvTmpUeGxrUnJ0a1pUcFhUNUVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pbsamerica.co.uk/wp-content/themes/pbs/img/logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", PBS America
http://?eUJIUzFZblJUNTJSS0ZHVHVORGIwa1VhQmxUWnJsMlN5eEVXeFJIVHdoM1p0SnpaQjUwVnBaa2I2WlhUdmwwVm4xMlFKZEVWMGdFZXdkR2UzTm1hcUZETmpOVlMxSlhOTzlpV0I5a2RMVnpSekVFVXN0aU0yb0VialIzWWtObU5QSmtjM2NYUU9GRFR1bDBaNk5IZFBOWFcwSjFVemtVZUdCWFJ0UmpjdTVtUldObWNsOTJjekJUT2lSV2EwVUZablZYTzZsVlp2a2tZUzFXYXFabVlNVkVlcHQyTUtCbmVvcDJackpXYjBVM1l3Y2xXSlZtYmhGblFaVlVTc3BXT3o5bVl3SkhkcXRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zAFt893.png" group-title="Music Channel", GO-RTV
http://?c05FY0xSSGJscG1SdjhtYlZwM2MzZ2paQ2RrYnJaM1N2VlhPMTBXWTR0V2RDNWthWWQzUXhwbFR4OTJaVU5rUXhvSFprRkZacXBXZDNvV2M0WVRReXAwVEtCRmN5NFdSaFpIVXNwRmV5TjFRb1ZqYm5obGRVcDNMdmMyS3l3VVd2c0NjMEZuUm9WblY1aG1jSmxqYkZwMlVMTldNcWgwY3pWRlRZRnpib2gyVHdZVlJsNTJNM3AyTnVkamVKUkRUdXBrTnlCRFVEbEVTWUJuUXRoak1IUkZhMUFYZXY1VWVvbERlMmQzZDFKSE1OTkdSTEpqZHo4U05oVldZcmRtZDFkM1RxZEhWV0pUTUlSR2E1UlZTMnNTVm5WRlZrSkRSNTltWW5aRldvOUVleFFYTzNNMFN5OUVUTkJ6ZG9oV1VKSmtVWXRFYlFsVGJ4a2pldnRrTUVsek1vUlhlNFkzU0ZOVGUxSlVXMVExYnFWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Shubhsandesh
http://?dHBWYXVCRGRRaG1jTkJWTjI0V2NwUkVWMUZEY3Jwbk5ITjJVMkUzYkZaM1VoTmtieWhVWU1wRldzZEhVWWhqZHkwbVdHMVdPNU5HZElkMWI1cG5icjlTYXpsRlJsRm5ieTFXZDFjM2FodENUQmxVY3hGellPOVVORXhHVTZSMVZFRlRkeGcwYUJCRlIzaHpRd2tVT1oxMk12b1hjMkJEYTFWM1M0Y3pZekZVZHZRMGRtVlhacjUwZFdSWGJ5WmxVWUJGVHJoelJKTlVSdzAyTG1sblZuaGtjcjVXTXZSVFo0VmtlUEZFUkZsWFEyWUVkWEpIYkYxV1l3VlVNcGR6U3hoVFd3UjNWNVVWVFdkR2FIeEdNVDlTYnpCbllybGtiMndXVjFzR1J4cGtlMDFXYjNralMwOUVOMkYxWnpnblZ1ZFhkdkYxYlVGRlZySW1ZMlZHUjRnRU16WjNOMUJYVVFwMWFhSm1id1FXTjZoVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608961_ico.png?ts=161314" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Deshi Tv
http://?cWxETXFSRmNwQkhOV0pIVjBrM2Q0Y1dVeGtrY3Z0RU0yOVdlVTlHZTJkMmR4SVRjVVJYVXZNVFYxcDJRWHBtYnZwV1NhRlRUaHRpZXhObWMyd2tidk4yWk9GV2QzeG1VQnBWYzRCamEzb0ZXT05rYXdkMEtoWldZNGQzWmlsMWR6VjBidXRXZUx0eVJ3OWtiVkJITzZSWFUxMFdkNFlHZXVaWFRQeGtkMVIyUzJGbU12TlhSMWczU0RsVmN0eDBZWlozVDJkVE5PUm5lbjUyYkc5ME13VVhkcXhVYkY1VWUwbFRhalIxTEtwV1dpNUVlTmQzWm9WVE8wTURTblZHVlpoVVp5MUdXVkZqYTZWamF0TjBNQ0JIZXNSRGFaWlhRTWgyYU5Ka1lZWjFkWU5qYk01VU9wUmtNQngwVnJJSFRPZG5NS0ZWYnF4V2NCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", U tv Lives
http://?PVVYTldaVWNwUkZkNEV6U3hVall0SlZSd1ExWlk5R01xSjBkQlJWZWxOV1kzSXpZbkpFY3g4a1kyUVhWMGNEVDJNVmRrOUdjT0oyYzZSalkyWkRNTUozZHpKa05IcFhlNVpuWVhSV1F6OTBjdlYyTHo4V2FWSjBRc2R6Y3psRFNZeDBheE5WYndRMlp1eG1kSlZYVEhSamRORjBSeElXT3ZSbmFPVlZaMTUyZHdkSE1hOVdhNVpVT01kRmNzMW1RRUZ6ZDU5R1ZRRkZaUVJWYjUxR2J5aG5ZM2gxVVU1VU11WjNRa1JuYnk1VWRIWm1TQ1pWWTRKbmV1VjBZS2RYTnJKVVFXaGpld0YxWVpObk12UjBWaGR6UXJCblZtZEdOaDkyYlFKMExxcG1i
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.peacetv.tv/templates/images/english-logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV
http://?PU1YWTFNMVZVOWliamhrUnZaVlQ0RmtheGhUVnhZM1FKbEZURVp6ZERoSFVuTjFVNjlpTXhzMk1ueFdhTnBXT0dGemFZdFdadjBrYzBWbE5zaGxSUWQzU2FwR1IxZEZhbHBtWjRwa1R2eDBieElGVG1sWE5OVlRja3hHZVE1MlZhSlZZc1JrZFFOWFdSOUdSVmgyWjJSV2REbG1ZMW8wS3RoelRocGxVRkpIUmFaVmNZUjFab2wxU1hObU50cDJZemRXV3JvV1R1UlhPWDFXZEQ5a05QWmpZMnBHT0dCallOOTJORkZHVnlOMmE2TldVWnRrYnhGMFpaVlVZbVpYU3AxbVJFaEhhVnRrTTNWVGNwUjJjdXhtYm5kblVFcGxjQkZHZVBWWFp5b1ZU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ACB TV
http://?MzUwUjJGM1J6UW5UV3RXYzBsbGFDSjFiWVoxWm5wWE1wVkRhNnhHYnRkMUs0cGtiNEIxYzRoV2J1Sm5VenMyVE9OWE9SOXlVa0pIZXRGRFc1UW1WMVYyWXFsRlREQjNkM016VnlVV2JVaG5RclZITnNwR1RpbGpXYWhtUjZaMlZreDBhaTFXTnhrVFV1Qkhkc3BXZUk5V1kxWURjTEpYZXFkWFFYaG5hMzFtWmpObVcwY0dad2QwUllkemNHQmpZS2hGU3V0MFF2dDJiVGQyWXNKelRRdGtjMlVrZDFJR2MwWmxRWXRVTmxobVpsaG1lVkZFZXRwMWJVRmxTNDlVYTJnVFFPbG5SaUJuZW9sa2J3NUdPMGMyVXdSWGFsWnpWM3NtUXlGMVl4OENhcklIYzNwMk1wZHpjVkZrZE9WWFM0NWtTUzVXYlVWa1JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Raj Digital Plus
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAgaVPa.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", Akaram Kidz
http://?NWRHTlJwWGNXcEhNaUZrUmlwRWJKZDJWcGRWWjNoRk5PZFdXRVozWk5sVmVYbDJadmMzYnZvRVp6RjNUdHRDUlBwbVFFSlVTMEp6ZDZGbVUxdFVRdUoxWnF0bVNzZG5leHhXYkwxVWNVSm5iWE5WTXp0U1NQUldXM2RHUkVsWFkxVWtkemhtTXRKWE0wcDJkRmhsUnpjWFEyZ0VicGhUYUI1V1Y1Wm5jMlpEUnE5U1U0MW1hVnBVTTRoMFpIRjFkT2hHU3ROMlo0WmtieWtXZDJjbVJ2aEdkRnRrY2poRGNuOXlNcmcyTTBrbk1IcG5NcUZGYWpCWGJCVjNUNFZtUzBBMVRZWm5TR0ZtVzNFVWJvWlRRSUZXU3lWV1lyWTNkaDVtWU01MGRzWnpjQlZqY1FsMk0ydEVXaFIzWXhobVIzSkRWMXR5ZDR3V1FuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://edge01.iptv.digijadoo.net/static/arirang.png" group-title="International News Channel", Arirang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/a/a0/Thrill_logo.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140607175204" group-title="English Movie Channel", Thrill
http://?eHBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUlE1MGRubEZPa0ZXWW90V2JhRlVTeWMzUkpKbVVzWmtiRVpUVGFaMmM1TjBVM2tHVDFKWFZGRm1OMFUwYXA5Q1IySlRaM2hVYlVSV1VSSkhWMUYxTUpoa2RrVmxRTzUwVDMxVU5VaFRPYTFHZFI5MGR4ZzBjcGxYZXdRV1pxMUdhcXBrTlJaSFVtQkRXMFlsZWF4R2NyVlhXMmh6VHN0eWI0MUdOMDhFYXdrMmNxSmpNTFIyUTBORGQwbG1ZM3NtUnpSbWJPcGxkMGNWYmxkVGJzSjBNd0ZIZU50MlFOeGtZck0wY09oRFRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/4_fun_hits.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Hits
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwVmJVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib2xYYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVpwcFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUjJKVmEyOHlhNlpUT3pSMVp5UlVPaDFtVjJSWGMxY2xha2RXWk5WbWF4Wm1hcFZXWTNVSGNUcEVlR05EYVBKa1NWbGpUdlJqVXhKbFR5a1diemxYY3ZGWGVCaGtjeUJ6Y3laRlpISjJWcUZYYXFkV1l2SlZkSFYxTnZRMlV6ZFVjQ1ZWVVhSSE02Rm1ZNTFFZVdOV2JWRmxSeE4yTlJwMU5oVlhZSzVVVU1oVWJXUlZkdkFWV24xRVNwQlZXSFZYYzNWMVVwdENhV2xrYVVaamNzUm5NcWRuUmlwM0tFbGxabFpIYU1SVWJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/channel24.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 24
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISkdjaFJIV0ZkbVo0cFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhtZXJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUm1GamJ4bFRjRzFXTTJGMFlTQlRWWmRXZUlkVWJaSkhiaWRGVkpWRE12bFhUREp6Y3pjbldXQmxaTmxUZTJjRk1WRmtUNXBtWk9GbFYzRm5XenNrVjNSbWRKbFZSUlZsZHdwSGRETlVlU0ZYV05wVmNVaHpiaDUyS3JoMFYyaDJiMHRDYjQwMkxSVnpiNEZVYlRSWE1KbFRiMEJsUUw1RWROZG5OWnBtUjE5MmFaQlhaeWtVU3ZGemRCbEdiTGhYTlo1a2FIRm5lUnRDVVdOVllyUlRSUHAwUmpobldESkRkQmRrZDRSa1FuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/ch9-150x150.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 9
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwVmJVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISldiaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNsbWFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUk0xRWV5UVRNa1JsUzZSRk0yTjBOR0IzY3hsaldHUldkelkwYkM5eVZ0bEVPNDRVUndkbVRHaGtac1JIYVJCRk1wNTJLMkYyUk1kMVJFaG5iSUIzWjJRemR3dG1XdWxVU3FwR1p6bzBZT3RHZDF0Q09rdGthaXBtUVBSM1IwbEZSTFpEUlVOSGMzdEdURWhVYUhaV1JscG1OcTl5TnVoRWF2SVhWdXAwUjFSMmJ2UmxURGxHWnBwR2V1ZFhlSnBtVlRKR1NYWldjUmhrUklWSFVwbDNUdXBWTmhkSFRrWkZUbUZXYmxCSE9uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/Colors_tv2017.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors HD
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUlN4a2RZTkhTRHAwTHpoMGJ2SlVSdzQyU3BGWFYxa1ZjUU4wYVhWak5wTldjMVFWT241MmFSZG5aT05VY3R4R1VaWlZjMkJsTkxwWGQySkhObkozUzBObGV3UlRjcnhHWnQ5eU54b0dVMU5YTjZORE5pVjFhUVprTXAxVWRvWldUbGhGTUhwWGVGWlhkaVIyY1loVVJOZFVZejEyTnhJVlVETjNWUEZFY2xsMmN6VlVkMmdXT3Y5R2E1RWxWejRtWjRNblFSaFVld1oxVTM4aVd0Sm1XWVoxTHl4R05oQlRNaUZtZXhJbmRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://github.com/amarnettv/amarnettv.github.io/raw/master/logo/CBHD.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Colors Bangla
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwMWNVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVp4cFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUnhVRWFxVjJieTRFVjJwbFVqTkZkQmgyWjAxME53ZG5hdlVHWnlGMVN4WmxZR1ZIZHg0R055RUdaS0JIYzNGRWIwWUVNenAxTnR0VVQzUm5jSVZuVVNOMGJoRkZTR0pUU3N4VWV5aGtRbk5ITkQ5U09LUkdjMWdUUXJ4MFF5RlZSdUpUY1psbmVMOWtOM04wY0x0VVRETmtOcjltU0RWMkw1dG1VbVZVUVVKMWNDTjNiNmxFU3p0R2NLbFhjSlpuTWpGa2JFcFVidXgwWklkbmExUlhlcHR5VVR0bVR3Y1dNWUpGY2FkekxSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://aimages.willow.tv/wlo_logo_200_200.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Willow Sports
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYjRsa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVp4cFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUlZGVGJEOVVib1pHZHV4bVJ0bGtOWTltWTU0bVNycEdlM2QwYzNaMkx3OTBiNGcxYloxR2JsaDBabEJWZHJaamVhVlZWNkpYY3pjMlVxUjNLdndtZFBWWGI0OTJMcmRFWjB0VWRtdGtZNlozYXdZV2V2bHpadllYU3hKRk92cEZjTkZHUklGSGVCZGxabWxtYURsVlNCaG1VNGh6Y2s1bVoxWTNhNHhVWnpRbWFHeFdRdDlXVXpKSE4xa25Ua3BtUjFRVloyQkRiMzFVZUdGbmMzZEZaSlZFVmo5V1V0bGphSkYyWnowV2JuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwVmJVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGgyYXJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zVVhVNGdEUmpSSGVsSkhOdmRFYTJkVE12SkRUVGRIT1NKWFpoSjNjVlZuVXdkMmQxdGtaMXBrVVExV2R1dG1NNGtWY01oVGRySmxlNkoySzEwRVp2azJWMU1YWVNsV2NoVmxVNDVXZHN0eVQ0NGtRTHRXVTVnbk1VTjNjQk5rU3RWRlRuZEVNeWtWT0ZobmRHdGtZeUVrZHBoVU1UVjJLbkJIVm9SRVZ5ZG1WNUlsYklKMWQ0UkViWXgwWjNoVlRyQjFMNFUzTFlwVVJycDBadlFXVDN4MGM2Sm5WRVpUWW9aWFVxUkdkQjVHZENoak5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/Discovery_science_new_logo_2017.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Science
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwMWJVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISldkaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUkRKSGQyTlZPa0JIZW9KVFJZVkhTcklYVktwRU1vbFRhSmxXWnpZa1M0SjFkdFZYY1hCblpyQlZOaU5WZGpOa2MwaDFUcGhWWVhObVEwa1hPVWRFTTVJMWNZbERNM29uUTZ4MFNCOVdZSVozTXVObFY1TTNacmdFYURWR1duaGpRaFZsV3FWWFRKUnpaWXAyZE54bVlsTjNjdk56YkdKVlNYdDJjREZsWktwRmNINTJhVWhVUnRObmJ2ZGpZUTVHTVFoV1ZJQjFhSFoxYUloVWR5dGlNMU4xVENwV1ozODBhMWxuYVFWR2RCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Discovery_Showcase_Logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Showcase
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwMWJVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTdlJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUnpSVmNGWmpNcEZ6VnJGVFpyVm5UeGNHTVdOM2FOZG1icVIxVHU5RWE1aDNab0ozTjM0MlJOQkhSeDRtYjVaRFZyeG1hb3htV241RWJVTm5SQ3RTTUNabmQ1eGthdGRYWXNabVJ6QWpXdzlXY1FwblowazBaUWhIZXI5a1Z6UmpSc2htYllCWFJvbERNbmhHZW54a040UTNRcVoyWjNGMktIaFdPMVVYTnZ3V2IxUURiU0oyUm9kellMWmpRM1FuUWl4R1VQRldiMWNUYUNGa1F4TmtRSkJGTzNZM05NMVdWeGtqY1M5a1dSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Disney_Channel_Germany_Logo_2014.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Channel
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVpxcFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUnE5aWJLVkVVdVpYUjJwRVZNWkhXakZIYmtaRk1xNTBaTUpVY3k1RWJ1cG1RSE4zUkxaWE1oZFVicWh6YnFkMGQzUVROcEJsY3Z0R052Y0dWQ1IzZEdOSGFoUjJRQlpWZHhWRVpyTkdjemcyU3lkWFZZQkZhTlpGT3VKa2RwbGpWVEJsVXFkbWNQSmtUSFpWZVBCMU5zWm1ZMlpWU1FSWFNNdG1ja0puUjBJamRLRkRVb0YyVnRwMlFMSjNkdklITzVSMlppVmthMTVtVVBobFMyVmphdlVqZFgxV2NVaEhla3BGYnM5aVFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.sat.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/DubaiOneTV.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Dubai One
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVp4cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTelJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUlhGMWFGbFdTUHBWVnBoVFd2OVVUeTVHUjJzV1UyZG1jejFVUXkxR1d3cEZhV1pVZUZwV2VZMUVicFpIYmFsSFpYeEVNc2QwUlB4MGNYMUdXbVpqUVYxVWVpTlRTNjl5VnhORVVEWmpRNVEzY2hCRlZUUlRibGxYUUtaa2M0RmpZRTUyU0pkM05YTmxXME1FZVlKRmEzWURWNDVXUTU5R1pPVlhidkpHWmxsM1ptTnpSRVJrWXB4MFQxTW5ONThXU0QxV1RNTnpkT1pUTWpwa1MzbFRiMHBXUUJ0MlZFVjBTU1Z6YnRKVlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e7/ETV.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ekushey Tv
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwMWJVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUkpaamMwQURXdGhrVDBGV1lDUldVV2QyUkpkVVIyQXpaa0prTXI1V095bDBadUJYZTM1bVk0SkZVTFIzZE5OSFR2aFVONmxXYjRZRmNDZDNhaTEyY2tKRGE1cEhjSTVVWTF0R1RqVkdhSWxYTUZaMlZaTldlU3AwVDJSRWN1WkdWeUFqTmlsV1lqOVVRd0FsYjNzQ2IzVm1NeFZFTzZkRlNTQlhUVFpsVHFGamFzWm1Xa1ZVZTUxR01tSm1RTzUyVndKelVxVkVkaDEwTldGME0zaFhOM28wUzN3R1VwWlVPbmxtZWx4bVZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/Crime_and_Investigation_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Crime Investigation
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVpycFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUnNWbGNQcDFjV0YwS3hwWGIySkhiUWwzYWtobldsbDBiMjlFUkdWMFl1Sldhd1kyTW1kR1d4Z2pUYTkyWjJSM1VWOUdSNWgzZGtkM0t1aFdPM0JIV1VaSGJ4VmpUeEUxVTFaemRJWjJWdEpYYTRJVVlEMUVkV3AxUVhkbk02dFNUckVVVjRvV1QyZ0hPcjBXYjFSM2FYQkZldjlpVWlOMFFDdFdVMjhpUW4xMGFJdDJjNTlpUnFOWFZHOVNaVUJYZHR0MFlDWjNhVmxVT3dVVGJ2QmxNSVIzVmlkMktscFdZU2R6ZDJ0R2RCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/398-3989913_id-investigation-discovery-logo-hd-png-download.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Investigation Discovery
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUnpoRGFKOUNUNGtHTnloa1RodDBMaFYzVFE5aVFHbEhhaWRHVHdGelJwMVVldkJuWnE1MllRbGpjMVVWYjN3VVd3NFVlNFIzUkpSMlpPbEdlSTEwSzVKbGJZdGtNU1YyYzZOVWJXZDFRbWRtTU9GVFd3OUdlQjVtZG0xV1MySlRRNmRXYzZoR01YdG1lTUJ6YUM5a1VyMFdiMDFHTkZkamJ3a0dWNVZGTUVGR2VtaERhbDkwVDBGRFRZaG1VaXBHYlNKbVozTW1kaWRGYU9WVlIxRm5Td0FWZDRSWFlyeFdSM3RtYjY5VWVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/9-99565_fox-tv-logo-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Fox
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnBsa01FZDBib2xYYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVpwcFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUlJoWGNDOTJVbkZUWXI5RWFaTjJNc3QyTDJZVVQwWTJheElsVnZ0VVk1WmtlMUVIU0M5V1cxdG1OV1pEZHAxbVJtTm1kelpVZDNFRGVhUkhOb0YwS0hWbmM1TURXbnRXUzJ0Q1UzNDJRTWQyUndBVFl4c2liNGRGTnpZMmF1UnpWdEpEV0VKblZ0VlhkMnhXYjBza1FZbDJSMlZGYlV0eUxMMVdWb2RHU01OVWJ6MVdkemRrVnBWVlJQRjNkSFZYYVh4bWE2bG1jRnBtUXV4MmIyUnpWSEJIZEd0V092RjNZV2xXZVBkblluMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/54/Fox_life_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Fox Life
http://?eHBtUWw5U1p5SUhWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNsbmFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zVVhVNGdEUngxR2R3UmxNaEZIYnV0VU9SdFdaUzUyWWtsWFlyRTBjMmdWVEpwRmUzcEhNeUFsYlB4bWJHVlZTTDlrYjBGbFJFTkhUMXhHVEhsbU5XbEdlakZuTjBVbmE0NVdWb3BsVzNwMkxTSkVheDFtU2haMlZJOW1lazUyYXhza1J2bGpZWmRUYnpRbmV0Rm5icjVtY0s1a1NhaDJRckoyTW9OemQwZ1dTTUpGTzR3VWNaRm1hd1ZsY3dWM2ExRmxRelJIY3I1a1lVRkZkdU5uWlE5VWJzUmtOR3BYTnlnbVRsSnpkTmhrYXhwWE1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/Fox_Life_pt_logo.PNG" group-title="English Movie Channel", Fox Life
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISldlaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhtZXJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUngxR2V3UmxNaEZIYjR0VU9SdFdaU2gyWWtsWFlyRUViMmdWVEpwRmVucEhNeUFsYlBkbmJHVlZTTDlVYzBGbFJFTkhUcXhHVEhsbU5XNUdlakZuTjBVM2I0NVdWb3BsV29wMkxTSkVheGhtU2haMlZJOW1kazUyYXhza1J5bGpZWmRUYnpvbmV0Rm5icjVtYUs1a1NhaDJRM0oyTW9OemQwa1dTTUpGTzR3VWJaRm1hd1ZsY3pWM2ExRmxRenBHY3I1a1lVRkZhdU5uWlE5VWJwUmtOR3BYTnkwbVRsSnpkTmgwWnhwWE1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.logofootball.net/wp-content/uploads/FC-Bayern-Munich-HD-Logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", FC Bayern Tv
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUkROSGN4RVhOYWgzU3MxMmFqSjFMNU5ITzFCWE93UURlTFZUZGtkRE00ZG1ZUTVtUk10R08wZEZhclUzZE81VWFpRlVUczlrTjBFMGNvcDJSNW8wU2twMGJCSkVOd05WUjFoVFR5UjFVWmhYTjVsRlNzRm5kMWtHU29WMWE0VkVjTTVXYjRRWFNUZDBhWHBsYkpGR1p5bDNNdkpVZFVCVE5zVjNNblZUU0dKemQ0dEViVFZVYW50MmNSTmpZeXBYTlZSV1J3QkZjaUZYV3FkblFubDNUczlHTVkxMmJSbHpUWEZtYk5OamJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gaanbangla.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Gaan Bangla
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISkdjaFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUnpwSGE0TVdNR1Z6UW5CblJhdEdNcGxYTW9CRFZvSmpjM0lVWmpCRlZ6bFZPcWh6VnQxV2F2UUhOT2hIYXdSVWNCaDNMNVpGYlFkRWRqWm5UQ1pqTjJZM1prUkVPMmdqVXhGRlN3SUdkdVpuZVBkVFdHVnpjTlpHYTY5V2N5VkdPb0JuTjFobmV1UldUTWxuZU1KSE5teFViMVJUYUNWMVFMaFhaTmxGY2F4MmF1WmtkRmxqVnlGSFJOaDFZdWhuVDFWMEx3Y1ViSEpFZTY1a2R1cFZRd1JUT2h0V1JzTkVTMHNrZDV3RWFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gaanbangla.jpg?x91288" group-title="Music Channel", Gaan Bangla
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwMWJVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib0JYYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGgyYXJkVFFzRkhTeVJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUnpwM2E0TVdNR1Z6UXdCblJhdEdNcGxXTW9CRFZvSnpiM0lVWmpCRlZ5bFZPcWh6VnRwV2F2UUhOT2hYY3dSVWNCaDNMcVpGYlFkRWRqbG1UQ1pqTjJZSGJrUkVPMmdqVW9GRlN3SUdkdTltZVBkVFdHVlRkTlpHYTY5V2M1VkdPb0JuTjFsbWV1UldUTWxIY01KSE5teFVidlJUYUNWMVFMTlhaTmxGY2F4R2F1WmtkRmxqVm5GSFJOaDFZdU5uVDFWMEx3Y0VkSEpFZTY1a2R4cFZRd1JUT2h0V1JzTkVTMHNrYzV3RWFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/GTVBangladeshLogo.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Gazi Tv
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVpycFZhWUYzUXNsbmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUnZNbGVWbFVPd2tqUjBKRmM1WldSekZYTXlVSFNYWm1hMDlFT3lFM1JzTjJiMnRpV3pzbVV4SlRTdVpEYnpjR1ZXbEhONVJXV1lObFlrVjNRWTVXVjJ4bWEweDBNUE5sYnB4bVRPbFVRenNHT01aMU5xMW1hV0ZrVUlwR091bDFRSFpITnJNbmIwWUZXMFYwWnk0a1RERldPeUZtTk5SMGIyZ25lTEYxVjBzV2V0MUdVeUpXVHJwa1JoUmtReGhtUjVBMWNVQm5iS1prY1dsSFN3aEVNbVJYT2tObk1XQjFOUkYzYlVWRGJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/H2_channel_logo.PNG" group-title="Informative Channel", H2
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUlBkVmUxRm5ORWhXVnhoalNyaGtZaWwzTTNkbE5xSlRkc0YxUzRwRlJ6eDJaRUpXVWlsMll4SVVXdkUyYzFwRWVaZDFkc0JYUTJsbWRNZG5WcmsxVnhoRmNzaG5hR0JGZTI1bU5GaFRZNEZIYTFaVVJ1dFVic0puZXFkbU0yUmtZSUZGZVpKM2MxMUdXMmhtZGt0V1VpRmtWbmwwYTRSRE1LVkhTalpGZW94MGRubEZPS0ZtZXlGMWR3d21aMVpuVnJWalVoSm1heE4xYUNwMll0ZFZiM2tqVlJKM1lJcFZhalprY1Zobk5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://searchvectorlogo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/history-tv18-logo-vector.png" group-title="Informative Channel", History 18
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUnZCVGNwWm5haVZETjZCSGVyWWtiSEJIU2xka2VacG1jQkJYVm5SWFd4eG1aR0ZUUzM1V2VzMW1WNWRuZTU5V1lSRkdhM0ZFTXZoa055dG1SVXRpTW9oMFppeEdWUFJtV3o5RU5RdFVhR0pIU0NKblc1Y1VkMUYyYjRWVGN1Uldkc04zWng0V2NWdEdSQnhVYndabWNZRjJhb2xFTllOa05GSlhjelpqVVBOemF3RjBRcTlTUXlCVmNMeEVacmhtTlBkM1VCUkVkcVp6UVIxV1Z5WlhVWTEwU2tkSFRQcFZZb2xIYnVKRE1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/jamuna-150x150.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Jamuna TV
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwVmVVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISkdkaFJIV0ZkbVpzcFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTeVJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUldWRmMzZ0VPNHQwYzZobGQzc21XUWhYTTJKMVlUcEZkRmQxYXFKRVYzOVdRNFFEV01sV2R4RUhNeVZUZE1CSGJMOTJhclZuTnZKVVlHaG1laWQxU1Z0Q2F0SlZlNWNsVXo1R1VDWkhaTXQyVXRKVWJpUlhja2hHVm5wMVFyVmxTQk5UYzZSM2NDRkRiaUZEYzQ4V05aUmxkblpEWjNaVE16TUhPUlZUWlU1MGE2NVdXcnMwVnd4a2F3VjBOMGxuWVZSak5vTjJaT0ZGWkRaRVR4WmxlYU56Ym5wV04xSm1UVmwwY0VOMGNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://s4.gifyu.com/images/image54942a3647a21709.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Maasranga
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGgyYnJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUnlCbGRIaDFLS05EYjVaMU1CTm5XbU4zU0xSMlFJbFZhMnNpUzRVRGR2TnpUTWRYUlhkSFRhSlhRdk5EYTVSa1Z0OTBTdHRTV0psbU5WZG1VUFowVDVGVWRGcDNNdEp6UjBablM0UkVaVEZIVjAxVVFrUjFhVEYxVFdwSFJ5bDBMaEZXVFNkWFNYOVdlNWRrZHc0RWFxOWlRb2RVY2lSVVpCbEdTR1JWWnQ5eWI0RVVZT0pXVTJWWFpTaGpkT1ZYU1BkRWQwUW1jeU4wYWhobmR1bFdUaWREWnZoWFZPcFdPa2gzY0lkMFJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/MBC_BOLLYWOOD.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", MBC Bollywood
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUm1kRWVPUlZUT05WZHZwMWJLUmtOdmhIYVgxMFZ2ZzNjMHRTVU9GblIxaGthbWxtZDBvSFdYQm5lMlpVYjNGa1RNNUdkMUJIZXdnVk5YcG1WQ2RFT1o5V2RxRlRNNlYyTXZWVFEyUUhickozTXFwVU1YbHpaUjFVY3paMkt6TmxUWlptYUxaSE0zWVhhSVJGY0tSVmN1UlRkNmxEU0M1R1p6ZDNNMkVFZHloWGVxSlhiaWwwYzVwWFRoRlRWYXhtVHdCVGNabEVjQmQyTHl4bVZ3RmpZaFZVUmxKM1J3d1dkbHRXZG9SMUszMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608364_ico.png?ts=161314" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bongo Tv
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBib2xYYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUlo5Q2FuRmpiMVExYjBKSGExYzFjUGxIVjVjamNXVkViMFluV1BKRmFuSlhWeVJFZEpoM1Z2b1ZhWUprZUpsV1lCTnphdWxXYndVRk9DVkhiQ05UYnpvWGNKRlRjTUp6TXRkRGRUdGtVeVIzY1JkV1IweGtjVFYxYXZJMU5yQnpieVFrVmFsR2Q1dDBiNThrZUQxR05NaGtheHBsTjFwbFFoTjNOdGhYVXZFbmFFRmpNMGRsWTA1bVZWTnpTeTFXVHZFak5TdGtjWngwZEwxa1R4TmtXcDVXYVBsMlU1NVdkT0YwYXpaMFFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/NatGeo_People_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", NatGeo People
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUnhjRmIyOWlTU1pEWnU5V1FCbHpSbkJuWng1V1VGZFVieXNVU2hSVE4wRlZjb3QwYW9kMlMzaEZiSXQyYXFKRGFsbDJUMTFtZU5KbmI0a1dPS1ZrYW5wRmF5Vm5jR0oyZDNSamRuRjNSQkJuU29WRlZ4eDJiQ2htWVNwMWQxQlRadU5XYUUxMktWZFRiNEpUYmlGWFNUWjFWNkJuTjFSR2J2ZDNOejhrUzVjRWRZRjFkR056UTRObFFuOTJLNmwyUWk1bU52UkRjdWhYUUNCbFIycEhNc1JUVkhGblp6TVhlbVpXYjVjRk1SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwMWFVSjBZSEoyYnBsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhHZXJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUnNKSGRIbHpaQ2hXUnZwR09PRkRTeFJYYms1RVQxNUViVkpVTjBOVVY2NWtVdlIxZDVRSGQwOGllcEprYXZza1EwY2xkNmRETUQ5Q001ZzNTWlpXVXE5V2QwOXlMTmxFVHdOMlpMVkVkWXhtTW9KM1JxSkhleVVuYnVWbk13WlVWMEprY1paM2R4aFRkckpuY1p0eVlVbERldGxEVVNSbWJtVlhZcXgwUjBRVWRaVkhUSTFtYnR0eVNaRmtSSTVtWkg1bU1GUjBaNE1uVExaa1F3WkdlNWtVVFlwV2IxZ21VWFYwZE1CRE9CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Nat_Geo_Wild_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nat Geo Wild
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUjJ4RWVZUjFVek5HYW5WMk5UTjNZSFJIU245VVZrSkZlYVpsYWhOMmJ5WlRZUVZETjVvSFRKdFdheEkyYW9kVldqWkhNNk5HY3ZvMlQyZG5XSzFXTXB0V2UwVVRjM05FWm9Ka2NvZG5TeUJYVmlCbFkzbFVlSUprUzJKMVlvOWlldnBWTUtCWFR6Z1RSNEl6WktaVFp5cFhNd1IwS0VaM1pYTkhOSXQwU1dwMmR6QkZiNVlFYzJsblR5QTNNbWQzU2x4VWIzTTFib2xHVkJaMFI2OWtXcUIxUzNoM2FoSjFaM05YYUxGVWIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.goskribe.com/ImgSkribeExtra/ba038ccd-8d51-438e-ab55-fe049bc69848news-18.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", News 18
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYjRsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUjZkMFpOMVdjNVVUZTRaRVJTbFdNeDhXUWlSSFI2VjFjSkYxU05OVGR0MUVUbFYwY3dnR1N3RURlNmRIYnRWMFVCNUdScmhVVXh3VWJ4dFdRdmR6Y2h0VWVRUkVkb0pUVjRwRmF2Z1dNM0puYUxOSFp4QkRhUFpGZXZsVGRuMTBTMzAwYW54bVcwVUdSSXBWZU9KVlFKTjFac0pHUlBaSGRPWlhSRFpUUkZGamU0Y0hUeEVuY3JSV1l3b1hOaHBHVEZwRVJpVkRiNHRVT2FsVVV3TlRTTVZWY2hSSE5hbEdiVlZsY0gxRWRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/e/ef/NTV_%28Bangladesh%29_logo.svg/240px-NTV_%28Bangladesh%29_logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ntv
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUndOM2FpZDJaM28wWTNsMmRDOUNSWmwyU2lwSGU2WkRjcklsYU5kRlZxQmxRRzlVTWhKSGNsTlZXeXNFYzRoR2F3RW1RNEIzWVdKRFIxczJRME5UVHlSVWF2aEdUNmR6WW5kR09YSmpTd01uTjNsRmFsNVdkMkpIUndwa1czQlRPMHBITWpGM1lGaERaVDEyWklwbFV4ZDBZb1JrTXhkbldrSm5SQk5tV0Y1MGFqOUNOQjFFVzRKbVEyQVhkTWxHYVNaRFNqRmtlbDUyTFVsblpveG1iNUZrWmpwM1VIMUVPNVlIZXNGR1JuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/rtvbd.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Rtv
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISldkaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUm5Wa2M1NUVhWmxIU3c5Q1NTVlZWbWhHYUVKalpzNWtkMFVVYWxKVlJxNTBMc0psTjFjbmVyWkhOenhtZWk5MGJtMUVOMmxHUjBwWGR4cG5OWjVHT0ZoSGFuTkRONGdUYjVoMlpYQlRjd1ozVHpNMFNtUmxhU1IxWXNkV2E1UmpVbXhrY1BoWGRuZEdVNU5uZVg5VVZxTjNidEZYUjVCbGNOaFhkUUZGVTNvbGFzRjBieVZEVXFSM0swcEdSR2hIU1lWVU01VVZhR1pFWnNCWFZ4TjJWV0pHWnZBSGN3SUdSeUp6YndSM1FCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/somoynews.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Somoy
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXN0bWFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zMFdVNGdEUnU5VWJGcDFhT2xITzJaMlFJSmpOS0pIU3I5MExqTnpkdjhVUXRWR1I2OVdhUUJWYTNSbk5MOTBkVXRpYVA5bVZrRlZablJVVXlva1U0TjNWUjlFV21kVWVMUlRkNFVHWnlkVGRsQlhaRzFtU1psRlY0SWxjSnBXTzQxRU8wbFRWVEowS2wxV2NqcG5jeGhEZDB0aWUxUkdUcHRpUURaMFlSaFdidkJITzVKMmNINUVTeXMyZDFaa1JSRlZjNGwzY3oxR1dqQjNiVE5GT0M1MGF3cFVWMkpqTUhOM0tOVlhXVlpWY3pNVWUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max HD
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwMWFVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTdFJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUmhaMWQyVjNTeFUyVDRoVlF3eFVPdklYUTNnMlNRQjNiMkpsVElCblp6SlVNVmwyZHFCWFp2bDJSWGhEYjFaa2NtdFNhckJYY0Q5a2FGbFdjaXRHUlRObWFOeFdlYVJuYzRGallTOWtTVnBuWm1oVWNyazFaM2htYVVselV6VjNWTUoyTTFsbmR4WTNOTlZrYXZabWFyVjNOd1JrUW9kVldqRm5jazFtZExSWGNHbEVWSGxuYnZoSFpxQmxWWmQzTnhOa1M1MW1jMWNEV1NkVVJuTmtSMXhtUnc5R2FKaGxRT056ZGF4V2JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/CARTOON_NETWORK_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cartoon Network
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8za1dVNGdEUkVkMWFPbEhiTlpsUnd4V1VycGtSSGhuY0haR1VxRjBkQ0ZXWUlGRk94TjFieFIyWXdWM1F4Um5SMkIzYVBsa1cyVVVOMFYyYXNSR1Iyb21kcnR5VXpkVWRqcFdPM2t6THJkMmFwWkRSU2xYVHl3bWQ1ZzNkbFpEVzFRa2J5NUVNdlIyTnBCblJwMUViMHNHZTJBVmJRNTJadlpuZU1kVFc0UW5OU3AyU2xOWGIyeDBSRzFVVHVSell3TTJTUWgzUk9kWGFUUkRhRlYwVjA5MlMzbFdPcmNqWXlNM1o0OENVMmcxY1p0U01SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 1
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5SUhWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUnlGV2FRaGpOanhrWnZGWGJIUkZkb0puUWhoamFwWjBkenhrV3ZZR2R4aEhhSHR5VUx4V1NMSjJaSWhqYTZCbGQ0bEVadWxWTnJNV1lEaEdSM1VXVzVNRGRIVkZlM29GZHF0Q1ZOWldiNFZuWUhGemJUWmxkTVoxWnhJbWR5QjFaRnhVTkw5bU13a2xVeGdYZVpsWE5QRldadk5WZDFjRFJ3cEdTUVYyUzJwRmNFVnpjdVJsYXdobFRwaDJVd3hXZW9Galo1UjFkWnBsZXhFelFwWjFTMVUxS1VobVE0bFhkTlpYYWFkMWJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/3-32979_star-plus-star-plus-logo-new-hd-png.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Plus
http://?MXBtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8zMFdVNGdEUjFZbWN3VVhOUTkwTHVWVk1zcEdPa3AzYWpKbE5DMVdkSkIzUU5wRlIwQkZXM2dYUTVkV1E0ZGpVaVJXZHBwRWR6a25OelJHYWxWMVJpcDNLMVIzVndRVWJaZDNVSGhWVG4xMlFqVkRkczFHVzMxbWUwVm5iMnMwSzNBaloybERWdzhDVHFCblI0MDJUMU0yWnU5U2JCcDFRNU5EU0hSbk5oTlhNTkZqYmhwSGF3Um1WR05qUzNWM1UzbDFjTmRIWm9obFpyUWxiNlYzS1Y1MllwQjNMME56VTE0V2V6NG1ORkZWYWFaVlduMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/9/90/STAR_World.svg/1200px-STAR_World.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Star World
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUnZORmVaRlZack56Tm85Q2I0eDBiQ2xtVnZ0VVZzUlhkM1pqUVFKRFIzTkVTMUkyTEN0MmRTaG5lckFYY0hOVWFqUlRNcFpFU1VaMFUzbFhPWHAzUXlRVWF6azFNd0FqWnVwSE1qdENjb3BtZDBabmVrVnpaUFJrZWxaRk5uUlVZRDFXVXpCSGFSSlViTU5qYjVRRmF6ZzJLNVZWVTNFbFF6Tm5hNEpYU01abmV1VkVidlUwUXlSM2ExOTJRR0YzSzBWVWRteG1leGtFY1ZsSGF3TjNab2QyVUNCSFJWcEVPMUZUYnNWSFduMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/64/Warner_Bros_logo.svg/982px-Warner_Bros_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Warner
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVpzcFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zMFdVNGdEUmtabGRURkdiMTFXWTZoVWFYMTJkYWRtUTVnMlNobGxkNUJWZXhGRk54bGtXczVHUzM5R2E1bDFLU2xFZXlvR05VbFZhNEoyVHhoVlZpZDNiWVJtWkxaRGM1SVRWQmhHZW5wMGNXOUNieGMyTExCWFFNaG5lM3drV3hOR2NzTjNTM0FsWW9oMlFWTkdVSVpHYlFWVlN6a0VPbmhsV21abVN2TlhiYVpVT3ZkR2FVeFdlMm9GV3Y5eWJYNTJab0JuWkt4bWRUQmxkMVZVVWlsMkt6NWtNdlpYT3c4V09vWlhXdlpWYkhSMVEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/919843853120577536/-zc_BK2V_400x400.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Anmol
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib0JYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zY1dVNGdEUklOelo1Ukhhdk1ITjNaV2NtTkVhUmwzTDRWMFozczJkTFpqVDFZRGE0aFVSMFJsUUhwV04wTjBMMjlpYnNOMFIxUWpVMzlrVFNaVFRESjNTMXBXTmpGbWIyaEhXdUIzZHZSWFVaSlZVamxHVTBja1dscDJiNkZVT0NSblo0aGxWb3BVY0tCM2RUUlVhdlFrYXJ4bWNhVlhhNEJWWnZNVFowd1dNS1JEWlJKRWFUOTBRNVFWTnNsVmNNUlRUeDAyTUJWMVo0VTJiWEpVYXVSa2NzcG5UT2QxVm5sV2RoZGpTM0VrY0NoemEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFnArA8VEAAerym.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zoom
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVp3cFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUnZKRmR4SldVek5YVzRoR1RyMEdTSU5uTlVOSGJzaG5kM3NpUzJWWGN5WmpUWWhIY1Z4bVNMaDBRUnBuYTNJbFR2QkZVNkpIZDVZbFc1OVdXdUZtTlFCbGVzMUdUNWNWY3FCWGFQZFRVd2czWkpWalcyOUVlMWhqVjEwMFl0ZEZkem8xU1lkMlFzNW1UT1ZWZTVsM01HRkVPejlpUWlkMEtFRkhhSTkwU1FOVGJxUkdkQlZuZTJKME5MQjFiWlZIYWxobE11bEdja0ZqTnExbWFwZDJVUjFHVlBobldUdEdPbXRTY09wMWFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/S/star-gold-logo-D1A2937F35-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold HD
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwVmNVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVpzcFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGgyYnJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUjBZVGQxWmpWekpGWnRobmJzbGtRWGhXYjYxMFRHUjNkRFpGUzJOM1R4bEdkMlZUY2poV1Q2Sm1UMHBHZXJVa1JhaGxjcmhVVzJkM05PTlhOeFpIYTRoamF4RkVTQ1ZVVzJkMGJpeDJWMDBHTVFKSGNIRlZkaVJHZTVJRk8wbDBNdWhXVzJrWGJXZEZiTnBHY04xbVppbEVVNUJUUzBnWFVyMG1TdWxHY1FaSGJ0WkhNTmhGTXJ4MmRHWlRkaDltWjVNVU1hOWtlREpGU0RaRWJ2bDNScWhIVVFkR2N1Vm5WVnAyY1hObWMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f1/MTV_HITS_logo.svg/1200px-MTV_HITS_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Hits
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5c0dWWEZGVVBwVmNVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUlA1R2REdGlUb1pVU25aSGVVRkVTSGRYUkxORmUzRVVkUk5sWlloVE9yQkZNemdFY1hSSFZMcFZaRk4xZDBObGNxSjNWelJVTlhselpqOVdlNGxqZElaVGRKaFRZV0owVTBSelNoSnpRd2RIWmtoblcyMTBjWEpVT3hnVGQ0OVdldGgxS0V4bVM2bERVTHBYYmxablUzTVdkMnhHYmxwMFJVNVdlckFWVFVkVGNvNW1jWnhrTTVGMVQ1OFVhYU4zVTJWR08zWWtjS05UUkxCWFdzUmtad1FFVUZoV1VISlVSa0JWYm9sa2RCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/136-1363813_paramount-comedy-logo-comedy-central-hd-png-download.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Paramount Comedy
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwMWFVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUjJFVGRWMVdXelJVZXB0RVRzbEZSNDlHZWFSRU5aWldkd1FsUlBwRVdyMWtXM1FHT1ZwbWQwcGtOaWxEY1NGbVYxRmxidFprV1pkbWRZNTJjVWhVWXdCemN6VlRiWjlpU3hOR011QjFaVmgzZDVoVGIzRm5leWttV3M5aVdzbDFZa1ZEU0pwMk1DTlVjekVEZWlaRmVOcG1leWxXWjE5eVozd0dWYU5tTnFSRmVRZEZVdUZqWjFSV1pLbEZSa2xXVDRrM0x1RkZhUEpWU3ZoelExTjFRdmR6S3lFSGJEdGtheE5HYTFrbldCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/Syfylogo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", SyFy
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zY1dVNGdEUlpsVWRNQnpaMlVUYndoRE5oUkdNd0EzTVVKWE5JRjFhNnBrUnlKamJvaGtiUWhIYTRkV2RyZ0ZWdVIwWncxR1V5SnpZM1pXUlFWamNXaFdPVDUyYjFSVmE0YzFObEpWUzVOSGV0SmplVDVtUUxObFZ2eG1hVHRFZDJkWGJvSkdVQkIxUnhjM1oxTlRWSkYwYjRCblRvQlhUMFowYUNoa1lPRlhZM2xHYlp4V2V1SjBVdmxsUXFCbll2cG5Wa3AzWkJ4ME5zQlhjWUIzU29aRVp6MVdOVHhFVllwR2NWTkdObUpUYjJJWFRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/Doma_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Doma
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwMWJVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVpxcFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUkhKemFGTkdValJtUXZWellUbDJaSjEyVndFak13RjJia2xrYk1Oblc2cFdVMEVYY0psbld2QjFUV1J6ZFpwMk1GVmtlNGhVTm5kMmJhaG1WWk5XY1hwVmJ2ZFdaaWxHTXNWSFpwaFRWckEzVlhkRVNXaEVjdjBtUnRkbVUzVkhhR1pHYnZnbk5CUnpMTkoxZFpabFc0TlhleXAzTHhKM1ZtQlhkaUpUYk5sR2VxRjFNNWQxTHlSelI1UTJSenAzWnpOV2V6OEVjMDgwWTFBMVFwbG5kdm8zZFI1V2UxZ1ZZQ1JqYUlCMWQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/NDTV_247.svg/250px-NDTV_247.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NDTV
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwMWNVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISkdkaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zNFdVNGdEUnpCSGR3dFVlelFrVXUxV1Yya1hlM0FuVFpKMVRGaEZjTTFtZHlJRGR3OWlTNVVFY1FKM2IzVURlazkyYlNSbE5SOWllcUZWTXJRVWV1WjNibFJGYzFjV2NKbFZORlJGT25aV1lHbDJRMWczVnJCbk0zQXphbWhFTWpGMmN1cGtaeFJWUW5wblRvUm5Wb05IY0RGVVI1WkhkbkZUY3JWVWRRaDJhM1lHVXRKMlpKRkdSek4zVm9ORmJ4SVdTVXhtUXlwSGROUlhjdmRXVnVWVlp0bHpaM2xrV2hOM01UeEdWSEoxY3pNRWFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/cnn-1-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNN
http://?dnBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zNFdVNGdEUk5abGJ5UjJiS3BHV25ObFN2a0RiNTUyTjRRRk95azFheVpEZEdoRmNvRlhjYUZEU0NsWGVxVkhPellVYjZkRmVZRlRacFJVVWk1MFRMUlhOcGxsUXdnbmNqTmxXdDlVVzBKRGIwaFZUbTlHVDRZSFVocEZhNnRTWVBGMks2NVVRQzFtY1hOWFlwTmtXWnR5ZGxsV2J6UnpUMjltTUVGV1FoUjNRVEYyVktkbGNqOVNVM2dsVHRoa1dVRlhNcnRHTllKVmR3UjJiUFJuZDJZbmN4aGxjczlHWjJ3V2NGVjFkR0pVYUpCM0xCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/81/Desh_tv.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Desh Tv
http://?M3BtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUllGV2JUcEVjSGxIYXlaM2R5aEZNVUZIZXhGVmR5OEVlTzlrUW50MloyRkhSdkIxUVVWblZySjBWNWRtY0loMExVSlZhdGxFTlh0MllRMTJNeHNTYVI1a2R1TlhUNGczWXlSVldCbG1jaXBXT0wxMmR5b0hhMVpEUzM0MEt2cFdaRFZqZHY4V1JIeGtOQlpuYlRwMFJ1aFdRNmxrVGhSbWFtaEdOU2htWXJaRGRqNTJaaUZuUTRGSFVEUldTemdYVEhoVVkxZ1RjWFowVXlvV1o2TkVaVXRrUnBkV1VhOUdjUGxsYVlGVlFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/-Vas4UzOl0KE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/_fWZBwq0qnA/s900-c-k-no-mo-rj-c0xffffff/photo.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", Kids Channel
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib3BXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGhXZXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUk1oMWRScFVjUnBHTm9WbU1ySTFaR0IzTkc5aVVZcEZhMnNrYkVORWQycDJZa1pFZVdaSFV1aDFZNFozWjFSSGI1OW1XbzlpVklkelFPVjNVNWR6VXFsRmR2RlVSVDFFYXRka2JXaFVVcnAyVHZNbGNvWm1hVFoyVUs5R2MxWkVXNGNuYTFGSGVPUlhVM0ZuZTFaVU5RWjJkcWRYTlZsVFdaOTJjNVpIVTBJWGJ3MEVjeGdIYXVKMGF3OVVTVnhtVTMxV1J6a3phdWRuUXg1MFV0aEhNck4wTEtkMk0xZGxhM1EyWlJsVE8zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://zeelwebsite.s3.amazonaws.com/zeetele/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_action.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Action
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUjRwWGVrQlhacUozTTJKRFRYcEdTa0pYZFVsMFFtSm1ld2xrYVdoVmJwOUNTRXQyTVdGM1JEZGtNVVJEYTRSMlVvRlhNNWgwU1JaMWNSVlhhNVZVTXRsR2ROUmtOTkJIVHpWRE9IbEdWQk4zZHlKa1d2SkVlNjVHVFdKSFd2SmtZNEoxTFMxMlI2cDJZWEZIYzVJMUtuTjBSbmhHVlA5RVZ5VUhWdFoyUWpGa2JUbGxSNXNDUnNSV1drZFRXdlVYTXBoR1RKdHlkcFZUVFRWMk13SnpMdkJUTk1wblNWUldXeEpqYVBkMFMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Zee_Cinema_New_Logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cinema
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib3BXYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTeVJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUkJaamNSUjNWeG9VUjBkVGMxYzNOdGhIT0I1V2NtRkdlNWtFUnFKMFN4TmxUaFpGZXdrMmF2NWtSeWNuYTZkSFNteDJhNkpGZXgwV1M1OVdSUE5tTXhRMFpDQmxSWnhrUW5KR1ZscFZla2xHWlZ0Q1ZKSjJicmNUVFBGM1YzcEhXd3BWYm5wM054WVRjMk1XZVBkVmNoZFVTb0JEUnpGa2F1eG1iNTFrV3FoRGFPWlZWeWNFUjRaalEzQlRNMGRHVWhSRVp3Umxjc3hFWjFnV040OTJRWk5HV3lrbVdhVlZOYVpuYVVSVlFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="shorturl.at/rIJU9" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zing
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISkdkaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTeVJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUkJKWGFPVjBTRkpYYjNKM0s2MTJTbjltU205MmJ3QVZlRUZFTVFCVFJ0bG1WUU5UWlhkMmFrRlVUMFYyWnF4bVVhRjFONkJUWlo5R050cEhjWGxWTjJRV2IwUkZXNkZUU3NOa1EwTm1ZM2MyVTJaMWFsdENldE5IUjRzV1J1QkRXRUJsVXpkV04xc2lSdlUyWjNRbGU1RURabk5tUVBWWFZCcEdiemduVXlnRGFSRm1OUE5GVTAxR2R4UlZXUzlHY1B0U042OUNjaEJWU3d0aVR1OWtNQ2xWUWtsbk1UZGtRNE1EZUhSRGRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv SD
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUjZkMGMxMGtVc2RGVTBGa1ZMUjNOQ0ZYTW94MGJRSm1ibHBHYWlsVWIzTlRPUFpET05sblkwbzNVcUpHY3hnVE0xa0ZkdHhtZE5SMVR3aFhRVkp6VG1WSGNEbFRiWFIyVm9GVVRaVmxZMEozTlBKRVoyTVRkNUZHWjFzV1kxQmpSNVFHTkR0MmRTRm1NMEFsZG54a2JwUjFVdVpYUlB4MFV5OTJiUUZVUVVabGQweDBTck1IY25KbFNZTmxRd29HZTVFSGVCbFRkNEVEWjJsbWU1VlhiQmwyYzBCblZQZG1RVHhFYWxKWFZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/Sony_SIX_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Six
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVp4cFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUkNsV2V5SlVZWjlVWXdaR092c2lWMFUzTnNwV1dsUkZkdmR6S2hCRFIzVjFLS2QzYlFSWGFwTnpZYVZ6ZHRCbFZ2OGlUM1ZtUXg4bVpXcEdWa1J6VnNkVWJ3WUdWRlJUVXhoMWFERnpMMGRIZHB0Q1V6UmplcXBYY0Y5MGM2SmtlMzQwYm1WSFVLeG1Nd1oyWkJaSGJvTnpLMmhqYkt4MlYzUUhkd3NXTXBSSGI1d1dWUWwyYm9WMFZVZDBRWFJIYzZ4V1lyTTFaUFYwZGlsV1VydFdOM1lsWndKM054TUdiVnRFYld4MlVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Sony_Max_2_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max 2
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5c0dWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISkdkaFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhXZXJkVFFzRkhTelJqUjJVWE8zY1dVNGdEUnZBRGV1RlZUVlpXTXl4bWFDVkdhM1ZuUUdaVU9tQjNaWlZHUmxORk1vSldjRVpET3lsbVNSVkhaQ056WnlsSFJ6YzBVMEZWU0xGbloxc21hUnBYY25KR2E1WkdieTkwUjFwMUx3b21VWTkyUjBwblZ5Z1VhM3RTU09WR04yZGxWeEpuTjRvMkx2VTJjeGhFYXJCVGRRSmxUMDFFT0tKalVRWjNWT2RrZGh0RWI0ZzBhUnAxYXd4R1VqSjJMMDltWUhwa1lqOWliS1ZHV3hoVlYwVmtlUTVHTVlsR2RYbGpTc2QzYkNOM0xCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.smartads.in/resources/assets/uploads/product_group/Television/Zee_Classic_India.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Classic
http://?c3BtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhHZXJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUm5KMVptWkRiNUFETXh4VWJ4Z0ZORE5IVjZKMkwwVkdlT0ZITnM5MGJ5eEVPdjhTUlhsV1MwcEhNd0VGYTVSbE4zSUVPd0ZrUk1wbWRKeDJhYWQwUjFNRWRuTlRZWE5uWjVObVFhSkdVSHRHU3ZvMlM0aEViUFIyU0cxR1p3ZFdiTUprVDJsMllIdFdhRmhEZUJaRVp2WjFReGxFZEQxbWV5cG1OS2xUYTRsR2FGVm5WenBGZXZORFZ6VjBONnBIZXZZR1J0aGtlRVJ6YVFsa2N0bGpRQ3hXYzNzR01WOXlaRU5UY3FobGFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Sony_Aath_logo.svg/1200px-Sony_Aath_logo.svg.png" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sony Aath
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwVmJVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUnpGVmUyUVRSeFVHWjZGamJuaDJOS2xIYnZ0aVpwRmxjNFZGV1FkV1ZvTldjTk5sYndJblRVdFVkMWdWZXBaRVpZNTJTMXBIWld4V2FDaDNaTDlTY0pKbGJ6Z1VheTFVZDBSblZPWkdVa2RYVldSM2NQbEhja3AyTVFoRE55VmtjaU4zVU9wWGRaWm5XTmQyWktGM2RCWlhPeU4zVXdwRlpYTjNZQ0JIZWhKRWFocGxSdkoxU29KVWNDTkVNNGRuWWhWMktJcFhkeUZFVXdaa2E2WjNkM1VYU3lsbWNrUkdOMlJIZVNCRGNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5SUhWWEZGVVBwVmJVSjBZSEoyYjRsa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhtZXJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUkZkRGM0d2tiMWNrVHBOSFNrOVNhcnBXY3lVblM1WUVjTlpEU2o1RU00dFNOc1JUYVJaWFlzZG5WTEZuYVFaMGFPaEZNelZrV3FwM1owSkhWUGRGZWxWa2FrVlVUd3BrUjQ5eUxOaG1NQnBYUndNVE5ScFZka0ptZU9kR1dxZGtiNWxuUTZwWGRCdGljVVJYYXpra2NQOTBjb1pqZUVkVVlXcEhXRnBHT3BaSGV2cDNNNEpIU3ZGV09ya2pRanhXVHhRbk5PbFdkSkZXWkRGRFV3cEhaSFJHZVdoMmNUOVdNMmhtYnpkbmNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha HD
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUjJRa2I0UnpaclUxYW9kMGNpMWtTTGhYVHd3bVlyQW5lNG8zU0lkMUt6eG1XcEYxY3FwR1dxQkhWUkZrYW9oVVpwVnpMemxXVDVjRE1pZDNTVVJUYm9WWGFaSmtOd1YyUnZKVk0zdDBSTzEyTVRCalJuaFZjNDh5YWxWRVQycEVNMmRIV3FWWFVvWlRORFJEZDNSV1dvbFdhNlJEVXpVV015ZFhiRHBuUnhsR2RQaEZlbVZVVjFORmFKeG1hT1ZuVzJwMUtGeFViMFVWUWxaVE4yWm1acGhrVnpGbld3Z2tlVjVFZHhJbFNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Football
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib0JYYkpWbVRISldiaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhXZXJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUnRWRWV6WW1VNDhXYjZkbFNvcG1VWTVXU3JVVk5HSjBhM2NsV3VkRVp0UjJjTlJUVHZkbU5qZDFUcWhuYXlGWE9DVlVhMnRVWXhWVU9EbEhkMG9XYXlJa2VzcFdVeTlFTzVWek1CeGtTUkYzYTZkRlcwSkhlME5IU2FoVlV1RjFMemdqTnZBblkxZFdRS1JHY0toMWJESjJTMnRTV3pkbVpsaG1SWVIySzNZWGV5TW1heGtXWm5oVlkwOVdPcjFXYXBoRE1HUmtieWd6U3FSSFdvWlVSemNGYXJkMkt4VmtUNGdHZTZWRFZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 2
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTdFJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUjJZVmEwUVdZRlZsYW5oMFZHZDFUSVJITUNCVFpyb1ZkRDVrTk1oSFNuRm5OSVpXUVNsM1Z2aEhiRzFHYkRaRmF4UUZieHAxTVBOR1p5VlhXak4yVTFvM2N3d0dlQ0Z6VTYxMlVFcDJZRGRXVW1sMFV5Wm1iNVoyS05SM0tzTm5aQzlFTkVOM1p1TjJLWTUyZHdWWGJyWjBTcHRTVFpOa1J2RTNSWVpUVmgxbWJvWmpXdGx6TTNObWNvdEVkelpuYUc1MlFEWkRieG8yVUlsbVkwRmtWeW9WWlRwSE5TQkRjMUZrYUk1MGNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://skytv.com.np/admin/uploads/channel_image/98.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 3
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXN0bWFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUm9WRWU0b21UdjRHVDJwVWV6bEVPUkozUUx4VWFhVkVjTVZ6TjFaR2N6aDNOQnQwVFZ0R01CdG1Zd2tVYnJFWFZMNVdUNEYwTHhFSE5RbEhSSWhHWm85MmNTWmtid0VYVnVkVVp3cFhPeEozYXdSVVdyOUNkajlDTkZGVmJvNUVPVlJqVHhoWE9MRmxaRUowWlh0bWVPZEhac0JYUW5KbllvSm5lVFJtYkpKRGVzTmpZbDVVUzRaMk1GOVdaT2RIYzNwa1lZUkhlVGwxS3JFVE4xbG5SaGhqVnNkSFZMRm1UalZYZElkVmUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%202%20hd.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 2
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib0JYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUnhnbGFoRlhZYUZtV3RKM1VTSkVaa2hXZU5KRlVFMTJheVFWUzVRVlVxWm1WYUZEVTVBWFVTUlRaRkZWYmF0a1QyVldaemgyWXFsSFZ0QkhUR0ozVlJoVmQyRW5VWWhIT3Vka2RNcFZPczFXTlBsSGFNVmxjd2gzVHdKR1cxOWtUcmxEVXJSbld6UlVjcjh5ZDBvVWUzVmtib1IzTE1abFJxTm5VeGtEWmxWMGJ1eEdka2hVUXpKek5SSjFiUHhtTTE1MlVUTlVhR3BYU2pobVR1aDJLMTUwVG1oV1FQWldRQ2wwZDFjVFNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a9/c4/51/a9c45169901929a07f6bc7bd2f81aa40.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 11
http://?dnBtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zY1dVNGdEUlRoamRFTlhTMmxqYW9sMmQyZ2pWdFZYT3BkWGFIZGplM0ZITTBVV2N5RjJSckltVU4xR09uQkRhMHRtYjJsRFYxaDNWdlpqUXhRbk56a1haTkJqWkVWMWQxd0VSUU5FVzBKblRVbFhaMFVIVHJOemR5Sm1jR05qZXJSWGV3RkRickUyU094Mks0SjFLb0oxY3dRM2RMTldZMHhrZHJjbVREQjNaVTFtV29SbmRvcG5XQ1ZrVjJKWFV6OVdjcVpITkoxMFFtcFhkSU4zZFhwMVF2dDJLbDkyY1dOM1NqSnpNeGNrYndFbWIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngjoy.com/pngm/952/11033345_india-cricket-logo-star-sports-2-logo-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 2
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUlpGVGIwZERTcWwyWnFoRFdCbDFSSlJYUVJWVk9pUkdjSEpWVERObk0xaDFaV056VXFsR1QwSUVXV2RWYjRGVFdZcG1XcU5sWnhWelF1bFhUdDFVVW9CVGVOWmphQjl5VnNGell6cFdjdGxuVTJwSFJ4ZFZicjFFU29aa1ozaFZVdEJYT1RoM0tTQjNjTXAyWkZKVlp4a1VUdVZIY1VaWFR1bFhTdjRFZXJoWGN2cGtWdVJqU3lOMGNWTldZVXBYVUNOM2R4VTBjdDFVT2lwa1J0cFhVQkJUTmhsbllZdGtRRnRTYTJBM1RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/10/Nick.svg/1280px-Nick.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Nick
http://?dnBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUjJzU2ROeDJMM1ZWVnlGV000bFdXeXRXZW54MlJ3RjBjNTRrUXBoMmMzbFdZcXQyTFdObmJ6Tmphb3RVYTYxR1R2aFdkMjlVUTNObVJhaEhVSWhrVWhSVmVtcGxRRVpIZW5aRU1zZDBiS2hIZUJWMlpQTkVidkp6ZEhCRmF5OWthM0lIZURWSFRsVkhVcUpXYzNkVk1IVjNMbkpFWms1MGR2ZDJVRGRqYUNoRWVNaG1aNWdqVTBwbVlLcEVSWXBYWkZOVmQzSjFkUVJIZEM5eVpxQkZjMEJIZUZ0V1ZxdENiaFoxY1FWRE0zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.cartoonbrew.com/wp-content/uploads/20100604112357disney_junior.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Junior
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhtZXJkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUlRKSGRLSnpSVDFrYjFsM1p0ZFdPV04zS0xoMWN2UnpjNVJHVkRaSGF2UmxUbXRtUVM5R2NaWlVlcUpFYnlJblVDSldOMHgyVHc4Q01aOUdkRkJUYjJGRWRZMTBSNEltTXZsR1d5VjJiWVpIVFlSalZPUjFjNEJEZE41MGIwaEdjdndtZHk4V093WWxRNUlrYlhCWGFvUlZiMk5sVWlSMlZJOTJUc2wyUzZwbWRrTlRkM1VUY3AxR1VKbFZPMWhIZTZWR081TmxieWxEVW1wbU1vcEVaNElFYUZOM1NrWjBWR1prY2FkbVQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAmFkQB.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Jalsha Movies
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISkdjaFJIV0ZkbVpycFZhWUYzUXNsbWFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUjZaMmFFZFhNUWhqYnJWV1NHVkhUbHBtYjVRV2R2ZFhiWkZVUzVFa1V4UmpTeEVXT1AxR09WUlhiMXQwWkNkRGFpSldTNHRrVTBjamFxSkhPdm8wVk1aSGJSWm1STjl5TjBWM2J3Y0hjRzVHVXpOMU1WSkRia0pWZGpKV1l5ZFhPSHAxTXM1V016RmxkbVJtYjNBbFVLTlVUeXRXZEVCRFVMZFhjeDVHZHZBVGFHaEVkRjlDTXVaa1kyRURTeUZIVGFwVmE1WVZiWE5qWkY1a1UwWkhPNFlGUjU0R00yY21lSkowZEZWSGFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2e/ATN_Bangla.svg/240px-ATN_Bangla.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN Bangla
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUjNnMWEzMVVidlJsTXZGVFVyUW5ZUE5YZVloRWJCZFZkVXRpWXJnVVoySldjeDVtZTZOM1V1bEVObEZqYnZKamJRZGxZb0IzYjNSM01XbDNjMDl5ZEVSMmR6RTBkdlowYTRKMFNrVlRNbTFtVnVKVlR3VWpkMDkwU2lkbFdxbFVSejRHTUZablJ2WUdTb0ZEY3NKVmRVaERlcUZUVWs1RVphOW1RdmdYV3dVVWU0cDBMVUIzWXNsalkyaFdVcWxYUXJNSE9RRmxiS1JYWnpjSFZ2aGpkdFoyTXJoblR3bEVhdHBFYjVnRk1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.deepto.tv/sites/default/files/deepto_tv_logo%20Edit.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Deepto Tv
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVpwcFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUlpKR2JzeEVNcUpGTXlwVU54WmthMzlHVVBkR09oSkhhNXAwYVBkMk40ZFhZWU5FUkpwWE9TZDJRQlZYYUxGRFd5ZG5Rb1ZGZXRORWVteEdTbUZsZDVSVGNJMUdNclFFV3Fka1UxbDFMeDlXYnNkelVqWkhjNWtsZE9wVU91OXlMTmxHY3U1MktKSlRPWXBFYTVoRU93OG1OMnRVVWxKelZyQkhTR1oyVGxoRWRTZFVTazkyS3JsVE1ZOVdWYTlXTURaallHcFVhNGdITTV4R2F6WlVXMG9FZUNsM1pTeEVNUmhVZE54VWRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://q7h8x4g8.stackpathcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/COLORS-CINEPLEX-2019.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Cineplex
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUnhGWGNxcG5leGwzY3BSRFVGRjJRaE5IZHBGbFNCSlhlT1JrY0JKWGNxZHphMjlTUWxkbU0xMFVZMFlUZTNjRk1KQkhWb2RqVVdaVlVySm5NTVZrUXZGMGNwMVVaeFZGWnlwMWNpaG5TRmxuU2xKVGI2NWthcmxGYnpFRE82OVNOaVZ6VWpsMlJaRlViRjlDY2tGSFpLSkRiMlJYTm41R2F5WTNRWXBYYlJSR2FxMW1UM01VTnVsVk9QZEVVclpuTklGWFJqZFhlYTlpUXdjM1QySlhTM1UzUzI4MlZCSjBMNjVXY3dFRFZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1107539232598298624/aDupPKVw.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Ristey
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVp4cFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUkNGbWU1WWpaT0Z6SzZWMVp4VjJSM2NIVXpNV1J2Um1jTVYwVGhkRGI1RlZZMGdWWWgxR09pUkVOT1ZuZXQ1VVFSNTJLemwwS0RkV1QybDJTR2wyYUQ5Q2FyUTBRelVYWnBKRVQ0ZzNMU2xYUU1oR1MyY25kUWRIUlNwbmMxRmtUdXBIV3dZbk1vTm1OMUkxWnpjV2N5RWtOdFozZE5CRGFGMUdaNEUyYUo1bWVKTjBjSFJIVnJCRFoxUVdTcVpIU2lsMFNtTnpaVjFVT0JKVE4zQlRRdkV6YnJ0V09rSlZjMU4yYVZ4bVVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/aa/Comedy_Central_2018.svg/3543px-Comedy_Central_2018.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Comedy Central
http://?eHBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnBsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISkdkaFJIV0ZkbVp3cFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUkNoR2RZUmthaDlTY24xMFNrWkVTU2xHU3hRWE8yZ1ZhemdUUU5GRVR2NTJhTmREVllWWE1GdEdVTWhIYUxkMk41Um1hcFJ6TVBWMllWbDNORmRHZUtkbmNyTm1WM1psVnNGVllJWkZVMmgyUTJFVFEwNWtjSGhtWUZoVlczZFRaRHR5VXBaSGQ2dGtaUjEwZDNVbmFYNWtidUJsY1oxa2Q1aG5NeEVHT010VWI1TkdUbmRrWnVaRlNURlVVbHgyZHZSMWJrTlRlRU5rVHpsMWI2VlVTWVZXV0tkWGJVTkdXdXAzYXc4V05SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://static.epg.best/uk/SkyNews.uk.png" group-title="International News Channel", Skynews
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwMWFVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNsbWFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUnc1R2RvVm1UeTlpZHRGRU9hVjFVVmxHZEY5Q1I0RVhjSVZHZHhoMEswbFVSdk1FUzR4V09FRjJVaUYwYmhsSGMyNGtOMWQzTlNaWFpWcDNUWmRqY1Z0Q2V6UW1hQ0ZUVTE1V1NtVlVjREpYUVBsbmJWWkhlSGxIUkhablVzWldhMGduZERwbk1wVkVTbEZuZUZsbmN3b1dUdGxXUzRSR1NtcFdab3BWTUNabWJOdFVWblIzSzJkblVQQmpOSTVXZTRWRWJTMW1lM1lUWndWamRzVkVNVlJrUzFObllPWnpVVk4zYm41R2VSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/FX_International_logo.svg/1280px-FX_International_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", FX
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVpxcFZhWUYzUXNsbWFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUlVKamRyUjBMM2RGVHpSVmJPTm1Rd2czVDRSa1c0WlhlNDkyS2xOWFN6ZDJLcDFrVVNSWFR5aEhic0owZDNJMFZyVVZhcmxVUjRSRlQ0ZFhkbFJrUVlKbmJxUldSMkVuWTZSMExYWkdacGRYVnZzVWM0cEhlclozTER0MmNxcFhjMWhqVjBkM2NsWkZWMXBHZGtSR1JtSmtXczlpTlZCSFZ6dEdNWHBGUmpGMGRzbEdVNjUyYXpaa2R1UlhSUlZIVXoxMFVNQnpieVpsVjFna1d3OUdORXhtV3hVM1VTUlRNNTlrY1g5R2RCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/star-sports-select-hd-1-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 1
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhHZXJkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUmFoMGRVaFVPNXAzU3NkbmV1bDFSekVYUVZkRFc0OWlhaEJWVEpsbWUycDBheklUWXI5MmIxRVdTMmtEZEs5R1U0Sm5heDFVVnhWMWR4VVhVMEZXYUpwa2FPSlhTSEJYZHZsa1p2RkhlVTVHTktoa1VtcEVhakZYU3hBRGFzUlhRM0FIYXFoR2RydDBLcXgyZG9KMlZCeEdkeDlHVkdOSGMxd21OcmdXUmx4VWFJUldlWFZsVTNCSGFJQnpidkZYYk1kbmEwOXlaeVlrY0hwa05vaDFRclExWmlkbk13NWtlb0JWYnRWVVQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Blue_ant_entertainment_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Blue Ant Entertainment
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYjRsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTdFJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUnIwMGJ2VmthTlJ6UnlsR2NzZGpkWlJuVnJKekxXaDFhRDVXY0xOVE5xcEdVM2dXZXhSWE5tWnpjdE5qYnlja2JYUjBUenRrZWFsRGNUQlhZelJXU1dSa2RDdFVXM0ZtUnJ0MlNTSm5hTXgyY3poRWVqUmphV05FUjQ5MFYxVldUeXdFZHVaWGV4aFhjNkp6YWFkR2V3UjJWMUJEWlhoVllzSlhkUDlpUk9CRGQwMWtUazEwUjNGVmJxNVVabXAzU0NaMk16STNhaEZtU2xOR08yRmxRb1ptTjZoWGFyOG1haFZUY01wVU5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/Blue_ant_extreme_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Blue Ant Extreme
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXN0bWFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zMFdVNGdEUlpGRmM0UW5WeGRqYnlCRGF4bzJTekZYV0NkV1J6RmtieFluTVBKVlUwUlZiaTVrZVlobmJPdENkanhVZFlORGRtQjFSbnhXZTNSblRYZDNMM0IzYjNVRGN5bFRVelJrTnZGM1FTaDJUQ3BtUjBFVGFLMUVlRFZuU3pzMk1zbFRRd3BXTXFkWE96dG1jRGRHYzRRa2V2NVdhblIzTFVGWE1XaDNVd2xsYnFCRmVTcFhUUUYzYzNkR1N1ZDFWSkYzTEJkMVNMTkdhRnRHYkpsbFR1Tm5VMFFHZTFkMlZ0bEVjdGxsZE9SbFJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Zee_TV-2018.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Tv
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUlVsSGNhcGtXVjlrV3gxa2FvbG1kRWhXUnprM0tvQmxid1FVTnlWVmExVlhaaGwzYzFsWGFxcFdOUFJHY3dRVk0yNFdNM1Z6VnFGbWRrRlhPeGtUYXMxMmR5TmthQ0YzTnFkVE8zTTJVbmhHYVFaMFZPSkZlcjVFY0VoMGF0NVdSdEJIZDA1R01XVm5WWWRHZDVSRlJNOWtNelpqZWxwbFZVbFhiaEpVYXVSSGExNFVUaUZWVzBGVk4za3pUcWRuZFlKVWIyaDBhMVJrTXhWalV3RjFkSEpEYXh0R1cyVWxRd0p6ZEVaV1dCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/48/Abc-news-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", ABC News
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVpwcFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhHZXJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUklGMmJPVlRZa2gxTHdWa1RUZG1jdzFXUTBJMEtKaFhieW9rU3JCVFJ5cG1NUlptYm1obk41TldhdEZVZGxobFJEeFdVcFZVYTAwVWNtdDJUemxXUjVWMWF5Y25SNVUzTnZObWFtVjJaaHBYWXlZV1JOQnpiSkpuVGF4a1U0RlhWcGR6TDNjWFpXOW1WeVkxWnpzU1V2WmxhcGxUWTFoVlRrbEdleEJYVXI1V2V5c1dkeEUwU3R4VVJ2ZDNVUWRtVlpoVWU2QmxiSUpXZHNGbWF3WlVVNFZVTTJNM1R5TlhlTlJtYVFGMFozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c7/Boishakhi_TV_logo.svg/400px-Boishakhi_TV_logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Boishakhi TV
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISldkaFJIV0ZkbVpycFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zNFdVNGdEUjFjM1pFaEVjdVZtZXZkVU10TmpXQ2QyTkxWblExNEVhSUZGU0Q5MFR1aFZXNWhHY3dvV1MzeEdPd2QxYU1oR2JHWmtUcUpYWTNzQ2Rya0djeG9YV1V4RWV5dFNVNHBWUXA1R05XWjNaaGgyU3hSR2VPMVVicHQwS0wxR010dHlOMVExVlVkV1JaOUdaNk4wYTJjRFdqOTBZdnhXWnBGMUtJSm5NM05VVElOSGFrbFZkVzlVYnlCMU53dzJOcXBIYlNWWFI0WUdiT04yS3Y4RVU1bDFabGRUTnBabmJ6NEdPQ0prYmtoRFVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/satvs.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", SATV
http://?eHBtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUjBnWGVLVjJaM0VIUnc1MlRvSkVaRmxIWjRwbmJ2dFdlbVZqUTBjR1J6WmpTV3AyUXpWWFN2bGtkTFYwZE50aVpMeGtWMlJFZWhaamVRRkhOWHhXUVhKRWNxSjJkdEpYWjE5eU1ZaEVXalYzYXZwbFQzOVVkNU1sY2hCM0x1TnpjUVZsYzVVWFlITm1ZSU56WlBSa2NWWjNTNmRFYzBGMVR5eFdlM016TTFZbmVPcG5kcEoxVDRGektyRlVONDQyTTFRak15TmtiNE0zYXRWalZ2bDJZYXBuVTNVWFVWRlhjdDlDYnlvV1MzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/atn-news.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN News
http://?M3BtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGgyYXJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUjNNMWRsVkdiSmRITXNkR2EwVm1TUWxtVm9aVE5adDJaeGtHWkpkbFR6QnpRbGRsV3BSSFoyaEVNM05uYnVWRmJIQm5NNmwyU094MktYZDJOV2RFZExaamNGcGxlemhETXRaSGN2QVhjcWRuYVRkbGJseGtlbjVXWlFsV2VyMTBLelIzSzRObmJDeDBOMUJIZTFFbVJQTmpjdjlDU3FWVU8xMEdNcUpqTmx0MmFJZERkQ05ETTRGR2VMbEVXTEJuTkRKRE92WUhjdlZsUTVwSGVuaFdlVE4zYXZoMlpScDFaM2xIYnljbVQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d1yjjnpx0p53s8.cloudfront.net/styles/logo-thumbnail/s3/082010/MBC_Action.png?itok=gyyxtxBl" group-title="English Movie Channel", MBC Action
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5c0dWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVo0cFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUmo5eWRXaERXTGxqUnJSVVZ3b1ZZVjFHYk50V2RpaDFhNEFuVXdnMExxSmpTb0pUT1haWGNVSjJaWlpHY0pSa2U0MTJVeWhtUVFsa1FXZFhjellrZEVsVGJWbFRPNTVtTjVobFVYOVdVU3QyU3pFV2QyUW1jNmhUU2hObU54UlVlREpsTTVrbU5ySjBMRGxUZXRSak1RTjBkcmhYV2tWM1pvdG1Wb3RrTU5GR2F5YzNUVnhXVjRkWFFXZDJLUjUyUUp0RU9tdDJhVVJrY3ZzbWFzTkZTTWQyUk5SWE9ITjNNRHBFYk1Obk4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/41/Boomerang_tv_logo.png/758px-Boomerang_tv_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Boomerang
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUm01RWRUQnpORVJUWXBwMmQyOENTMkVYZW1kMk1OZFdiNlJsYVNGME55TnpheWx6THl0R04zUTFVMlEyY2hwbmNGOUVhNFJrWlpSelpucG5SdmhqWTR0Q2QwZ2tNTkIxWXVSbmV6TVdWc1pIVXprR2FtOWllcnBWUjZsM1V5WjFRNTFtTkNGSFY1RVdWdkZEYkJCbFZ2UlZjckJWU0xKWGRqaG1ZWEpuY3JWemNCcFZkNEVVZXVGV2NWRmpWMThHUkNSVGMzY0RkMlZFV3pwWFkxaHpaa2hYWnhkV1NQUldZM01EZFhkbE4zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://tvadvertising.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/135_image.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", & Tv
http://?MXBtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwMWFVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISldiaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUjRKSGJpVjBVNFFFZDNCRE1zaFVadGRtWVlaelN3bDNkUUJEYTJJR01uVjJjdGhVUXRsbVJ5WVRldkJIYzBJbWRvZEdOekYzZGlKRVNQMTJNUDVrU1RaVmJqTmpUdlYzYjVCRFV6NGtUeGwzY1FsVk1yc3ladXR5Y1FKWE5vbG5SNVlIWnUxR2RvRjJVS0pqZEMxR04zTUhTcFJXZXdoM0s1RlhUS0IxUzI4U2NPVkZPakZWYnZGR1JUQlZNRmRHYzNJbFJMdEdjNUlqZVc5bVJ2VldOcFJqTjR4R1d2WVhjcFpYYW10bVlCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/930367214049484801/_UbwXy25_400x400.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cafe
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8zVVhVNGdEUnlSa2UwcFZZaHRHVzNaVE12QkRNT2RHY21GR04wRVhibkZETTR4R2JwcG5jek5XUXlWSFd0WkZXU2RVYVRsVmNCWldTd1p6WndrVllONW1TeWdYZEI5U2FJUnpVSVZVWjUxMFVPRldXbjVtY0JaSE8zMW1ha0ZGTjBrVWFzTmtaT3QwWk1sM1pDWnpVNU5UZElCRlpzUm1SNUpFVUlaRmIzZG1kMjlpWm5KR2N5Vm5iUEpuZHdKek1rWkRVNnAzYzNka1Z2QWpldmdqUjFrMVk2TlVPTlZrYnlFM1VUQmplQjFrY1FWa1RuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/732-7327906_zee-cafe-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Zee Cafe
http://?MXBtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBib2xYYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhXZXJkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUnlSa2QwcFZZaHRHV3NaVE12QkRNT1pIY21GR04wRTNkbkZETTR4R2JzcG5jek5XUXloR1d0WkZXU2QwYlRsVmNCWldTc1p6WndrVllOaG1TeWdYZEI5Q2RJUnpVSVZVWnAxMFVPRldXbmhuY0JaSE8zMTJia0ZGTjBrVWEwTmtaT3QwWk1aM1pDWnpVNU5qYklCRlpzUm1SNUpFVUlaRmIzNW1kMjlpWm5KbWN5Vm5iUEpuZHpKek1rWkRVNmQyYzNka1Z2QXpidmdqUjFrMVl4TlVPTlZrYnk4MlVUQmplQjFVYVFWa1RuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824801_ico.png?ts=1613206658" group-title="Hindi Channel", & Picture
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUnFoVGJWSkZSc3BuWXdwV1ZveFVZR2hHV1hSV1VVSkZhMUYzUXZNamF6SlZNbHBVT3Y0MkxyZ1RNMlYxYkY5a1pXTm1ReUptUmhoMFZGcFhacjQyU2w1MmFYbGtVdWhEVHc1MlRhTlZRclFITXZGVVo2Wkhlc3BXY1pGRmJyTnpRNEpqZUp4V2R3c1NkMmdYYzBoa1YyZ3pkeTFrVjVSRFRCZDNVUFpEYzFsMmRhWkdadGRFUjV0a1RERkRNQ2gzVTVsbFpMSlhlRXRVY3ZWa1R3OTJkdFJETVpwSGEzaGxOWnRtYXdWVVUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/3c/1c/2c/3c1c2cd6a5e4de5511a86a87d82e5f85.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Real Madrid
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVpzcFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zMFdVNGdEUnlrMmN1dGlVeUVsZHQ5U2RqUm1lWDVHV1lwbllVTlVhaEZUYnU1bWR1ZDFWRFIyYjROWFNzVkdjbjkyYnZJbU4xbG5UdHRVVnYxR1J0QjNLMVJFYnpOamRSRmpOM05WZHFKMU00azNkNWxuWkpGVlF2WWtkYUJuTlJsa1MxRmxZNmh6VFZCbmVqNTBOemQwY0ZOalVaWkZONGxYVTJSSFJGWjNVUUpsWXBGbmNTbEZOa3BsZXlWMlMxd1dNRGhXWjFJVlNGRjBkQ05ET1NoMkx3aHpTNW9uYXZWSFZPZFdVTkZuZG90U1NSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/Logo_bein_sports_1.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 1
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwMWFVSjBZSEoyYnBsa01FZDBib0JYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVpwcFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUk5WMWN6RjFNemtWVXhKWGRVWlVPMmduZHB4MlRXQjFjUDEwTHNCVlV6ZFVldDlFUlQxR2FDeFVRMHAxY0pwVVU0WjBTMDUyZHh0Q08zSW5jellVV3hGamROTnpOT1ZHYm5oR2M0MVVkSFozWnNKM0xGSjJkMkp6Vkl0a01zWm1OUk5IU2tCWGU0TVdZME1HYnloMGFaRlhVM3htYjBrM014aDJMaVpITXNsVGMwSUZXNWRXTXhsbWV2WnpTUkozZGhsMlNObFdiNXRDVFVSVmNxTlZldlpWTzJZM0xpUmxXMkUyWnlaa1RuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/Logo_bein_sports_2.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 2
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVpwcFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUlpkMFp1TjFRUzVXT3ROV2RsSkROajFtTlhCSFZDaDFhMlZVVHNKek01SlVNellGYUZCSE9oWjBMTk5uYTA5R2NuSmxRM1oxTHBwbU0ya25Sd2gyTGFOV2RxSm5aNkpGZW9CRGFObFRPMXRXU3g5U093aG5jNE0yVW9WSFYwSjBORTVVVWFwM1FqaEVPeGtqYUtaelREUjNLd1pXT1ZwRWNNaFhVM2xXY3ZJbmJhZGtSaEZuZXdaVE16TlZRMjBXTlo5U1VMVlRickVUVkQ5RVYxZEZhcEZXWkR4R2VyOHlVbkoyYXhRSE1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c4/Logo_bein_sports_3.png/1200px-Logo_bein_sports_3.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 3
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUk1kRGJYMVdTelFGYzRkVVIxazNNUmgyUld0bU4wa0ZkdlJ6THROMFZ2UkVlazUwYzI5MmE1ZEVlMVVtZTNJbVVyUlRWNVpsWllWMlZwbDJhUzVFYVlGRWE2cDNkNElqYXJsMVlzRlVSeWduYXZWbVMyUVRhVGx6THE1MktwRjJMb056WkpCblFVUmplNFlVYVJSRWVRZHpjbmgzTEloMk10bEhXeGhXY2hoMGMyb25NTkpuUXFsR1ozTjJaMVJYT0dKbFJtUjBkNmQxYkx4MlR5MW1TQmxFVXlZbk4yNEdUcmRWYklsM1JCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/88/Channel-i.svg/384px-Channel-i.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel I
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVpycFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUk41a2M1VVZjUGx6ZHpwMlNwUkZXMFpuVVpWa2V6UW5lUnRTTzRZR1d1TmpRSDl5ZDJBWFFIbFdTV2xFYjAwbVJzZGxXNlpYWkVaamQyZ25OUlYxTmpwRmRyVTJRamRUTW9wVlI1Um5leG9YWXY4aVlyOGtlVlJrTlFGVGEwUkdSNFJtUmtObmN6bGxaeDhrZTM5aWRQWldUeGRHYnRSVVNLeDJkMUZFVXBCMWNZWlRhcmxEVXFaelNCZFZZYXBXVTBJbFJaOVNidDlHT0JCVFMzSnpRNWdVUjZWM0wxdHlWYU5UY1JGamFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722433_ico.png?ts=1613156596" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sangeet Bangla
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISkdkaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGgyYXJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zNFdVNGdEUkRKVWIyczBieFV6VXpkMUxyMG1ld0FuVnlRbmU1VVdlTnAzU29aMUx5RmplTkZqWTVrMmNTaG1XMGQyYWFkamV2cG1SdTFXVW1OelQ2TlhhTE5GT3lJSGQ2cEdjMGxVTTZOMVRHZGxkNTQyTXNaWFNzOVdkS2xGVFFoSGF2bEZSYUJGVW1GSGRqdFNVTkpXYldoWE9uVjFZcjVHUnJrblpyY0hXQ1pWUURSR2N4OFNOeU1WUXNWR1Q0RkhTdm9tZDFSRWJybFRlaEYwS1lWMlpvaGpNVkYyWXl0R1RPOTJRb2RXY09oV1duMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/EG2QRMG.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Duronto Tv
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUk5aamN6RTBjYXAzYjRSMUtFTjFVMXRtTXd4MktpRnphUUJEVEJGR1UxZG1NelIyUWlSbk1wUm5kcm8wYUlkRWN5d21kdFpFVWtwbFdrUjNkWHRFTnp3V2FaSlRTbnRtUXVCRGVuOTJSU2QyTE1ablJySWphajFXWjYxa2JyaFdiRU5uV29CSE95aDNaRHBGY21CVlNyQlhZeTFrYmhKM1Z5OTJUek1XTTJ0aWNXWkhSUmxqYXJ0RWIxWjJTaGhITm1CbmFNOW1jUVJ6VW1wbVJ5cEZOdllGZXIwV1daSkVOcVYzWllORE5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/dbc-news.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", DBC News
http://?c3BtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnBsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVpxcFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUkgxRWNWZEZSaVZYYjRKMlUzWjJZMGRXYnBwSFpuaERkek5sUlZkWFZ0SmpXRXAwTkhoblVQbHpiQk5XZHlrM1pKMTBSd0YyUVpkMlFQMTJWWmhHTTNramV1QmxTNEZFVXgxRVNaWjFLMEkzWVZSMmNoWlhiTzVFZVNWalJ2WmpUWlZ6VDZwV1I1QUZkeU5VYll0U01LWlVjdkZ6YWk1R1Q1a1hRYU5IZGw1MlpERlVOMmdFU3hkR2VWTjNTbkpYT09Galp6TTBkSmwxYjRRelVuNWtWMjl5YkhWWE4zUURNSVZtYXBSbFEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/mytv.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", My Tv
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTdlJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUkVkVGQ1cEZUMDRtZHE5aVdzWkhVRU5IYjE0RWIwMUVjVEJUZVBaMExxVlRlRnBHZXdobVc0c1VNTE4wY0RwbVZOZFVabmgxS2pGMGRVNUdWeGN6Y2haM2M1SlRjVU5UVHBKVFFzeG1jbnRXU3dwbGQ1c21kcmQwTHZRR09uZEdidnNtVFRkbWUwd0VVbGhWZEZwMVpNWkRUd2xWU25OVWVTdG1iMUVrZTZOV2NMNWtickVHTXdCbE1OVjJaMWdHT3RkSFY0OHliMmdYU2xCVFl5ZGpRcTFFYzJKM1JwRkdVdHRTZXFOVk1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c1/Independent_Television_Logo.svg/220px-Independent_Television_Logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Independent TV
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zMFdVNGdEUnBaemRaSkRWS3BVWjJWMkxwUldOanAyVmxaR1IyQjFjdFJUV3hNSFZybHpaVlJsTk9CWGR1UlhWME1YYTVVbVpJVldTblZYYW9oVk1raFdiUzlXVkNkM1pDRjFjNDUyVHNwR1pNcFdlNHAzYzJNamRYbEZkYVZEVjJrWE0yZEVNa0ozUzF4R1JwcFZlTFpFYTVzeVVsVmpXMTlDT3d0a1FNWjNRckZsZUtWRGJTNTJNbmgwUzFORFQzUmxSSEJYYUJOelM0bG5kVUozTEdaVmV2NVdReThXWVh4R1dDTkhSbnAxY1Q5Q1JCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/359-3595110_b4u-movies-logo-b4u-movies-channel-logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", B4U Movies
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNsbmFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUm45a2FHSkhUNGhHWnlkalM0Y25NVXhtVXpWWE55QURlTDVFZHdaM1MyQkhieEpXUUtwR2VwUkRkdVZXZXJsMVpsZFdNNDUyVHpvblNYWlhZbzFrY0hOM1pyVm1RUEZqTXRsWFIyOUdicTkyTnJObFYyUUhjeG8yVXdsM000eDBZYXAyUzEwR1N1QnpjNE1sZXloa1VZTkhObmhXVE1KRmRUSlhkbHhrY1BWRWRwVlhXTkpuUXJwSE5MQkRkUzkyYWE5eVpQNW1kc2REVDVvblc2RjFZemswUWxCM2FPTkRUNXhtYnFKWGFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/33/Mastiii_tv_channel.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mastii
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUmhoRWF2SlZUVmhsVHZwVU9yY1VlcDkyTVNoSFJOVm1idjhHUnpNSFJ0RkhNNWxrVlhobVM1VUdOdzhTYTRnbFlHUjBUMlpYYnlrM01MSjNRMGRFTkV4a2F3bGxVVmxXWnlobFdzVmphajFXTXdJMmQ2aEdjT2wyWTFzbVE1WnpNT05FYXpsR1RZRlVZVUpsZGlSMkt6OVNadVpYYU85V1VERlhNNE5XYngwVWVSQjFRWVJXVm9ORWEzRTNSTGxHVkJkMlJyUVdhdkVUYTVGV1V5WjFhVkIzVDVvSGFPcEhaRHAyY2pKV1lSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/mtv-beats-hd-kccl-tv-hd-beats-png-308_161.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Beats
http://?M3BtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwMWJVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXN0bWFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUndRbWMyTjNLUVZYT3ZoalE1YzFVWkozUTFRa2R6c2thUWREVXBWRFVzcDJkTHhXYk1SWGN2aEVWbmgzWnJKMVJydFdiMDUyUVQxV1FIbFdkWE5IVE10bWNKaFhRNmhIVTJsRVVXVjBhM0IzTHdsVFpLSmpkd2swU0hsM1Z2ZDFMMGgzZG94V014dFNjTlZUZXZJek55WTNLdU5qUUY1MlVLMVdlWUoxVjBsVWVMMVdaUVpYZDB4VU5IRldPVkIzUnhJalNUUm1hRUpsUTJjelR6ZFhWeDBXV1UxV2R2RW1TVnhFZUp0MFpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/sony-sab-logo-sab-tv-11563255194ov0us7me4e.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Sab
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGgyYnJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUlNGbGRsSkRSSEoyY3gxRVd4YzFSSVYzVTVJSGRRTlZlV05WZXlFME12aGphc1p6WjNnblJsQlRPSHhFZDBWekx5MGtScVYyU2loSFd2VlhkdWxUWktKbmN2d0VSclJuUXloWFVLWjJUMWxITkZwR1RhcFhjQ0pGYW10U2V0VldNSzkyUWFSSFNPcFdiSk56ZHpvRU91SkhaMzVFVHk4V2NzdG1SWGRYZFlGbmVNZFVkRkpIVXBKemROUkdhNGhYV0I5RVZvUlRjd2dVVjBwMVNucEZiVGxtWXdwbVVXMUdhUmgwZE9GbGMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUjVNRGFzSjBhNW9VY3JkM2FxQmxlejFHTTM5ME1FQlRhcGxWWWtkRmFxUlVRdllWY09CWFRXdDJZeU1YYk5KbmRFZFdRb3BtVFVwR1NqTjNVVGxWWk5kR2J6aHpjWEZrZW9sbWVTSmtld3dtWnVkRWFISnpaeHNDVmpkemR5UlVTMEZsVVRoV2VETkdadEZrYm5SMVVZZGpidFJWV0hsVU5zTlhOdkFUZVFwWGVJeDBjMjBrU3ZObGNpaDNRWkpITXpkR2RQZGxjUXhtWTR4MGNwQlRObFZuVjJjV1R6TWtRbWhFY0dsRlRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUjVNRGVzSjBhNW9VYzBkM2FxQmxlelpITTM5ME1FQmpkcGxWWWtkRmFxUlVRdllWY09sV1RXdDJZeU0zZE5KbmRFZFdRMnBtVFVwR1NqTjNVVGxWWk5kR2R6aHpjWEZrZXNsbWVTSmtld0luWnVkRWFISnpkeHNDVmpkemRwUlVTMEZsVVROWGVETkdadEZrY25SMVVZZGpieVJWV0hsVU5zcFhOdkFUZVFwM2RJeDBjMjBrU3pObGNpaDNRWkpITXpkR2RQZGxjUXhtWTR4MGM0QlRObFZuVjJNWFR6TWtRbWgwYUdsRlRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/PTV_Sports.png" group-title="Sports Channel", PTV Sports
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUndvMFoxczBLcm8zWXpWVVJ0UlZPbjEyVDA5RWQyVkdjRkZqY3loVlo0WjBWNWtYZUJoR1VsRmpSME0yZGlWWFExTW1Sd0ZIZFJCVFpteEdWNVJEVXc1VWRuVmtVc1ZXT3Q1R2NZVlZXdTUyTTJZek1ZdENidGQyUmFWVlp5Wm5RRlJVU2hGSFNSNUVaSk5WYjBKbFpSOXljblJGZXc5eVZMNW1ST2R6TTJrbGJpVlVSS0ZsUXlWVGNwRkZlajVtUXZSMFEzWm5kWngwWmtGWE5wNVdVUkZ6VnpnWGVOOTBkQmxrYU8xR2VSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.seekpng.com/png/detail/372-3722669_star-sports-1-live-streaming-high-quality-star.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 1
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5SUhWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGgyYXJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUnpWbmV5STBLTEpFYnpoamIxWVZUclJIZXVsSE1HZGtlSWwwY3RSbE5xRjJVcVJtVXN4MmFIMTJWTVpIZFVoME16eEdXdzUyUUpGVFlyQjNWdkVrV3RsM2IxVlZVUUJEUm94MlpXdEdVYVZIYXYxbVJhUm5kV1oyUUtaVFRycEhjeklrWjVsWE5aSjJZMlZ6WlVwbmQwbGxVb0pqTXQ5eVRFTjNjTE5HZXV0R2RJOVdjSmRETXJGelVyQlRldDVHU3dvbFFOQmpldkIzWlNGSFUyRmxWWmxGWkloV2NESlhONlpuYUNkbmVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ssl.com.bd/sites/default/files/BTV%20Logo%20Gallery.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", BTV
http://?M3BtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTeVJqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUjNFVmNvVm1XRWRHYzF4MlE0bEhPTWRYU3doRGJ3ZEhiMmdEVlBoa1MxVldReUluZGFoMlF2RUVhbk56YUZWWFRVRldjdFpqYlU5MGF6QlhUVmQxVDNKMlpPRlZXckpVWnRGR1R5MWtWczFtTlNORFd1MUVlQlpWVjVWbFpvNWtSR2RYY0t0MmR5UlhNS2hsZXhsbVY1QVRaNWRYVG1kblRKUkhTckYxVDVJSGQyVmpNdE5IZXRoWFN2WVRZVEIzTEZsVVRZVjFaNTQyVVpCelV5VkZSUk5tVlNSM0wxZG1RYWxsYXNkbVozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/btv.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", BTV World
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUk1CM2JPeEVNSk5UYW85ME1raDBUMXBYT3RoMlJLTlhkdWRFZVJwMVR4UlRUR1owUktCblNXbEhiREZFYW1KblRqbFhidE5WTWhOMktYTjNOYXBsUUJwMWQyaG5TdUJuVDROalJENWtRM0kzS3lKWE1CNW1lNmxtY0hOek4zWkdVMU5qZTU0R1I0d0dkNElHZWFSRGNPZEZaMzFHWmpKV2RsZDNZdnBHVHhaM2RRQmpWd2RIVW5aa2NwZFRkeFFYYkpSelE0c21hM3cwWjBVMFUxcDFRdzlHVldsM2JSaERlNGxWZHRwMFlCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/8d/Bangla_Tv_Logo.jpg/220px-Bangla_Tv_Logo.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Tv
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUlJCWGFyRXpRMVozTnlSSGRZWlhUeDVtY0lGa1N0RldhWEoyVEs5RWV4ZEZPUlZUYTFsMmJOSnpLV3AzWkZ4V1F0VldZc1JqUkVsek1wbDJhejVFZG1GRGRuZDNNUmR6YTVwVVRWQkZXeE5YZHRGRFJETnpjNUJuVlZGRU95aFhUd056SzFsSGNEeEdXQmRWY2xCMUt6Y1hTc1YxUXRWVFVuWm5SUUYxZDBCbGJKaDNkb3hHVXpwblN3NUVUQzUyVDVVMFZOUkhlSGgxTnlzMFJ4aEVNbXBXV1ZGM1pxZEZiS2xVYTROR09CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://channel19.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Channel-19-Logo-White.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 19
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYjRsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUldCbGVHaEdPdzQyWnhsblpSVkVNcmsyZHV0bVZqSmpjc0pFT2tGMlRvWldkMHBrTUNGSGR5Y2tUM1JWZDRVemFybDJSclJFY1ZGbFIydG1VVlpHT1hGRGFaRkhjakpsUXNGR1VqaFRRRTEyY29oRk1XZFdla3BtYXZBMVNuaG5RVEpXUXZnWE1ZRlRPRFptZVFSSFpGbFdiNk5VUVZ0eU5QMTJaWFJFY1ZkM2JuVlZNeUFqYjN4bWFyRWxONWduTmpoVk95QkhjRmwzVnM1R1d1TkZUdk5EU2p4bU5xWkRid1JWYmxKRWFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WvrfVsv.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?M3BtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTdFJqUjJVWE8zd1dVNGdEUmg5U2U1WWpWMEVGV3VWV1V6Z0ZXakZuWXdZMWJ6a2xjTHBYYVk5VU91WjBadmhGT2l4V1VDbGxNbUpYZUtOMVl5WjFWMzlXYTVKVFNCaDJOM3gyVlNWbmNHbFVOYTlFTzBoM1ZMVlZlcDltVHpnSFNoWlViMk5qZVMxMFJxTmxSdDFHZXpjSFJTOWlUNUZ6WjJoVGFGRjFaMnAwUnhNRlRrcDJiUWhVWXZSRGFKSm1kbnhXZDFCVFY0OFdjclpIZTVoVlJOVnpjdlJ6WU45RWQyaFhUdUpVYnJwR2UzbzBaaXAyYnBwWGEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/FYI%2C_logo.svg/1200px-FYI%2C_logo.svg.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", FYI
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwVmNVSjBZSEoyYjRsa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVpzcFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUk81MmR1WldXcXBWZTFORFYya1dldlVIV01oRGFqZEdkM1JYTTFWRmMxVm1OclJWZG1KM2RCNVdWeFJHYzNaRWNoVmtOcmR6Tk9Oa1dqWlhXSmgwY0VaMGRvQjNiVWhVUzVkR1pyY2pjeWNHT1BoMFlhTkhlNjUwWU1aR2F3VjNkcDUwSzJFSE92SWtXd0pHY2FGV1d4VmtTeHAzYU5OVWU0Rm5UWHBYVjRnRmMwMGtUVk5FYTNSRWV3eFdOME4zUTZka2R3eGtlcU56VjJJVGIwNTJkaEprYXBSWFowTUZNWWQwYnRaWE5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://tbivision.com/files/2014/10/Australia-channel.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Australia Channel
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUjBzRWJxRmtSbEYyTm9KMFFSWjJTck5uU1NCVlFYWlRheVJYUldobVdxbFZadVJXVzExV2J3MG1hWFpGYTI0MGRwWmtjM3gyUnhSbFRtNW1RT2hFY01Ka2F4OVNPVlJUWTJwbFMwZ2pXd1ZIVEp0RVpUcEdkTWhYZDFFME40cFZaMnAwYU1OWFVNZFdWak4wYWlaVk1CUkdicjlHTkdGVFF6cEhWTkZ6TXlNa2VRUjJWMThFZDFSV2RLcDBibWRXTVpaMU1pWldjSlJITjJsVFlyWlRhdVozS0dKM0xyUTJSNXRHZXpBMWRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vectorlogoseek.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/euronews-vector-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", Euronews
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhXZXJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUkZSVGVCUjFjd3RtZXFSbU01Qm5TUlJIWk85eWJOSmtlSnRXZU01bVV0ZDBMaDFrVGxkbWNGSkVlNWh6YVJ0bWMyOFNPMWwwS2tSRk5MNW1Ob2gxWVBabmJ2TUdaUE56WjZWWE1tQmxlaEZYYjZ0eVF1aG5lWUpqTmlKbVkwZG5aTnRXTVkxMmJxTldUeUpHYjJORE9pNWtWd2xtVDJVVE9rZEdjRTlrZWg5RWRFeEdSSVIyY3VkRU5LcDBVeDVXTURWVGNPRlVhVEZsWjNSMVJ6RnpUaTltVHhVSGNFVmplaUpEYTVFVWRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/TV5MONDE_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", TV5 Monde Asie
http://?dnBtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zNFdVNGdEUnpra2VQWjBhTmRIVm9WMWExa25WMlkzVTJsblNqTlRkdWRqWlZGWFNvVm5iek5sZHdjMmIySTFMRlIwWlY1MFZWeG1ac1ZXVXFwa2R3dDJSajFrVElCRGF4a0ZTeVJuTXZKelR5Sm1OWmRtWlVKSGJwRlViWVJVU2FsV1F0VkVhd0VqVkZKM1psOUVSMWhsYVlKMWNRWlZZdDlrVFNKMVpzSjNMSjUyUTFrRWUzdDBMNVpGVm5oR2V2TUVUdzEyTE9CbFJsaEVkV0Z6ZG05V1owSlRZMVkzWVMxMkxFVlVRbXRDYVRSR2JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/cw-logo-png-transparent-cw-logo-png-image-free-download-pngkey-the-cw-png-300_188.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", CW
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUlkxMlpJeEVXMWNrVnBOMVI1cDBaNWttWXZnRE4xOXlhTFZrU3NOWGN0TlRSM2tVWmpKM1NvWm5Wd1lGYWF0RVpaUlZRd05uY0U1bVpzNW1OTFJHYXNsRmR6WmpidmMwY3ZKVVNrTnpMa2gyYjBNMVVybGxkbFZYYWpCRlZ6Um5aR0YzTDJsbmJpVlRUcUJWY0NoRmNaaEhPM0JWZEJWMVZ1Tm5heTRFZTI1bWUwUVhPUlpFTXJKR2V1eG1ld3htYzVBalZ4SjBiMXBXU0c1a1pzTjFMVFpUWmlwV09NQkhXTjFVY0xSM1VSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/44/BBC_Earth_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", BBC Earth
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVo0cFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUndVMGJVcFdaMU5rTTBoVlRQRldXNFpuVlBaRVNtbFVkSkpVZHlZSFpvTkRaNThtVExoM0sxOEdienR5ZEdaWFJqaEdPdXAxVHZNM01TNW1aWlZWTXJJamNhNUVaM28wWjFWSE9RUkhNa1JYUXNkak1PcDFjbWQwU3lSMUx6bEZhTk5YY0R0R08yaFhRRlJEYVd0a1FSUldldWhuWjRSRGNKbDNVcjFtTVVORWF5eGthMVptVm4xMlJOQkRjNGtXV0g5R2VEbEdlM1l6TlJWalYyTlZSMzVXVEdwM1pKRjNLT05VZHBGWFVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/TInMfsC.png" group-title="Informative Channel", TLC
http://?c3BtUWw5U1p5c0dWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib3BXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTMVJqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUkRwWGJzTkVhcnNXYXBGM2FqWkVOQ0YzYnFSSE90dDJjbVZuVFFWblpvbGxNV1pWTXZvbWRFRkZXemdHYkJkbWRCRlVjNkZITVJaV2N2Qm5ka2hUV2xKMGNQcFdRblJqVXc5R2FTcFdRRE5YUXNGM2NVdGlhdzFtVTVrM1N0RjFLNWdFUzRjbmMzTVhaU3RXYTRsbWRSbGtidXBWV1B0eU54TkhhakZXYkJGbmJDOVNNc0pqUnVORVIzZDBLSFJuYkpwWGRxZG1kS0ZYUWtabFV6TjBVeFlWV0VCSGFUaFhNa1prYVRGMlNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/af/TLC-Logo_2016.png/800px-TLC-Logo_2016.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TLC
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwVmNVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUkRwSGJzTkVhcnNXYTJGM2FqWkVOQzkyYnFSSE90dDJkbVZuVFFWblowbGxNV1pWTXZvbmRFRkZXemdtY0JkbWRCRlVjeEZITVJaV2N2OW1ka2hUV2xKa2FQcFdRblJqVW45R2FTcFdRRHBYUXNGM2NVdENkdzFtVTVrM1MwRjFLNWdFUzRZbmMzTVhaU3RHZTRsbWRSbGtic3BWV1B0eU54WkhhakZXYkJGM2FDOVNNc0pqUndORVIzZDBLSGxuYkpwWGRxZEdhS0ZYUWtabFV2TjBVeFlWV0VGSGFUaFhNa1pVY1RGMlNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/Travel_Channel_HD_Logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Travel TV
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib0JYYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNsbmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTelJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUmpkV2U1OGljQnRTTTA5a1p4bEZOM2wzUXZZV1RwcEVldXRpVEJSM1oxbGtNUVZXUVRObmFvTkhlR3BYYVZSMVNuUldVc0IxYTN4a1lNdG1kb0ZEYlRwbmV6WnpjeHMyY29OSFpHcDJUbEZYUzVaVFJ2RkRhcEowYlloMmRzUlhPV0Z6U21OM2NrbEZVV1ozZElsSFphWjFMd0J6ZE5oVVN4SlhlVFJYWUhoRmFSbFdUSnhVVnNKVlE0bGtSMTFHZTVrVlkxaEdlQjFHTXJNMVNwRkZWbkYxVFBoM053UUZhcjBFZDVjMWQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/540-5404873_outdoor-channel-logo-hd-png-download.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Outdoor Channel
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUjU5RWIxZEhNM1YzZDNCMVZ3QUZic3AzWnpjbU5tZFdlNGNqTjNJV1F2bGtkUkpXWUVkR2FLOVdSSUJEZDVNbk5VSmpScDFtWUx4MFVuMTJSM1FXVFdCSGNsTjNVekVuTXQ5bVVuTjFSNVpYY1hSa2IzNG1hTmgyTndsMkt1SkRUM3BtYUtCWFFGTlRiemRGZXdVa05ocFhkNTFXZVJKMEx0NW1iSVoxZHh4bWUzdFdkeVZHZDZKR1pHRjFjbWgyYXhaa1RIVjBkcmhGTk1CalR5cFdjUkIxUnhvMk5USlVjMGxYYkxOa2NuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/Showcase_Logo_2015.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Showcase Tv
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYnBsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8zY1dVNGdEUlN4R2IxWmpWNXhXUXpCMU1RcEZVaGRYUTNZRU8xZERlQ1JtVUk5MFF5RnpSRnAzTlRkM1JxOXlUanR5ZEdwVlVOZFRZMWxFU0JaSE9WZDNRMVIwU3ZOMmFGZFdOcEZWVHFORGJxTjNLTVZuWVRCRmFYVjFhR2gwUUlSa00xNTJaaEpsUUI5R2Q2Wm1hcUZWYTZOVU1LSlZRMWRVY2tOVVVxaDNiMEprVEZoamRIcGtZTVYzZG94V05wQm5RcDVHVEJGVWVZeDBiMVEwTFJsMWJ3MVVjNE5FV29sR08wVVVlcEZEZTZGR1JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/monarch-airlines-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Monarch TV
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVp3cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUmt0RWJwWlRhckVqZTRkSFpLQjNadjUyVXdvbWRNUlRjb2xYWndnVWEyQlZiQ1IzTFNWbllhbDBaMWMwYWsxR2F4Y0ZWMlJtZTZsVlJ3c21UbFJWU1FkVWJoUldjVWwzS3pka2R1TjBOWWwzTks1a2R4QlhjRUJYTm9aM1F4OTJNT1ZHWm1sR1JyTlRRYXhHZWtCRFZRTjNTM0pUZDAxbU5RVm5NQmxGTlpaM2FzWldiMk1EYjBSblkybGtaT2RtUk5aamN4ZzNhblZEZG1GRVd6TjJVeEYwS3FwM01SaERWSVZUZUY1RVJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.xumo.com/v1/providers/provider/140/300x300.png?type=color_onBlack" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", People TV
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib0JYYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUkJOamNVaDNhTGhFVndsbFVTcEdNMWwyWWhOMU5WUkhhMjVtY3JKbVRwdHlhaWxGTnNwSFMzaG5TTEptZEZsSFVpbFRUdzFrY3k4MEx0cG5TcU5IT1NaMWEwOTJOdHAxU3laVlMxaGtXc2xYUTFCSGFOVjJiMDhVZENGa05zRnpVd1JXUVk1R1N5c2tjM1VtZGtaVU1tZDNTekZsVzJBMU5abEdNTkYyYmlKMWRDVkhXb3hXVTU5Q1VVcGtZMVZYVUlwbVRYUjFidVZ6YTNVR1ZyVm1iRGRWZHJoM1VIbG1USWxqYk9obmNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/Living-foodz-logo.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Living Foodz
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVp3cFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGgyYnJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUlVkMVo0VWplUHRXT3dKR2JJUkdkaGxXVDI0bVIwMDJiUXBGVHhRbld4TnpVSXhFTnQ1V1ROWldiczlHY0ZWVU5uTldXb056WU1aRGRFZFdNNVoxVTMxMGRWMW1Tb2xqUnZSVGRHQkZUU3AyU2tCVE9YOUdlbGhuWk9GblM1cFVUV0owUlVsR1Z4Sm5aTDUwZFVKbVVKUkhhcFZHZTJKMFVxSkhXbU5GVkpsVGJPeEVhUUpXU3Zwa1ozZ2xVTUozUXhsWFQyZFhjME5rV3ZkMlUxQkRPSU5XWUxwWFlyc1NiWlJtZXJzU09CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/ae/RTD-TV-logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", RT Documentary
http://?M3BtUWw5U1p5SUhWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTMVJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUkU1V2VRMW1jbWxHUnl0V1FqQkhSd2xtVVBCblZJMW1jeXBXT3ZjMEsyWjJaeE1VWXZJM2RaaG1VYVJ6Y3RoVVFybEZNcEIzUnc1MkwybG1iNnAxVWFKelp6azJUVVJVVHJGMVFGbFRSeEJYYk1WbWI0WTBadVJsWURaSFp5WmtlMXhXY1VsWGVhRkdlSlJYZEk5a1FPMWtUMlprWXFSbmFyczJibGgyTVhwMloyNEVOeFpHZTNWbVZzTjFjMFpuUllOVFdyMUVhbk5HTnBkR2FwVlhhNUZuU3VkMkxYVjFkRlZFZFRkWFJuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-c6eX-156UadfwgTc8S6aUj8bnnniJ1PvtM9qnepbq-CJsiOtRWDBVHs_dH-aLT0lKrU=h300" group-title="Informative Channel", YTN Science
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwVmVVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTdlJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUnROamFSWlVjeXhXWjBKVldZaHpLdFJIVVhkelU2VkdkRDVtZURGekwyWm1aNDQyYlJoR2FXbGxVTnAzZERSSGR5b1ZjbjUwUjJFRGU1OVdRVzlrYjN0VWJHVjNhVUpFVG50Q2JweG1OcVJuTVBOMGNTWm5jU0pWUzBnWE96Rm1TWEJsZXhRWFNZcDNUT3R5YklkbGFXWm5ab1JuVmFSblQzVjNZUk5qUUxoWGV3RVhkMFlFVndaWFpTWkdSdk5uVnJkVmNsUjFjckJITjZoMFp1cG5TbUJuWndkV054eEdhWjVXY2ExR1pSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/HGTV_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", HGTV
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwVmJVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib2xYYkpWbVRISkdkaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUlVsa2V5WldjeU1sVHpsRk14QlhRczlHVHl0RU53UWtlUVIwUm5wV1oweGtTVnhrVFFwM1V2VWxTMHBsY25KMGM2TkRVNVoxTUlKR1pOVkhPeU1FVHdWMmJCRlVacEpqVm5oM1ZIUjFUM0lYUVRORE81QWxlWVZGWk5WMWQwdEVlU2x6Vkx4bWV5d1dlakozYUNsbVlUVm5Td1ZXT2taVFJQcG1WWmRUVmoxVWE2TkdlTlowU3FsbGJ2aEhVdmtXYnl0R1dXeG1hbHBGV3poM1J5ZFROMnhVVVZsWGR2bzJSV05qZTVoR2JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://wpcdn.us-east-1.vip.tn-cloud.net/www.abccolumbia.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Dabl-Logo01-PinkGreen.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", DABL
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYnBsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISldkaFJIV0ZkbVp4cFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUlM5U2RMUldRbmxEZXZSM1FNRm5Xd2QzTTQ1MmQxUnpaVjl5VVVsR1V5eG1lM2dEU0dGWFpyVWtXdWxsZGhoemRZZEZNMWxrZGpORU12Y21XQlZWVExSamRtRlZjcm9sVzZSVGFqRjJNdnRXYVdWa2FtRkZiRFYxWjFWamIyaFZiT1JVUmpsSFRQTjJkMHRHZHhFekw1TVRRNWRUWjN0eVZycG5VV2RXTWxGamJvTlRNc1ZsZHFsemMxUjJVaHQyS2k5MlUzRTNkdGxqZHBCbll5RkRWWXRtYjFOM2EzOVNjenhXY0JkMGFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Home & Living
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5c0dWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUjJ4bWVETkdVeEpFVzFoMU55Z25NQ1JYU3psemQzOUNiNXdXU3pjRVI2eEVid1pYV1VOWFQzeEVWQ2xVYk50ME16VlVhcUJWTXFWRlR5TTNaNFoxTXhkR2VKbERienNFVnNKbE5UWjFOcHAzS21GSFVPRnpaQkZqYzU5eU01UmxTTEoyWXJjblF2QVhVSHBtZFJaM0trVmxNMU4xVllOVk5OcFdOR2RsTVVoMWJNMWtTM3MyTXBkVU9UMWtSQjlXYkVoV2VzaG5lVFIzTVB0RVo1bFRiWFZVVTFOWFJ5RmxaMWQzYjR4a1IzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/DocuBox_HD_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Docu Box
http://?c3BtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zd1dVNGdEUkVsemIyQUhNNjEyVDZaWFVtOUVXVDVXVkk5Q00wMUVkQkpITjZoM0s2ZDNSNEpsY1lsbk00RkhOMmREYzE4bVRLWjBidnRtUlFaMVE2dDJNekVqYWtoVGI0TVZhVEJYWnoxR1N4bG5kM2szTWpSR1NJeEdkd1VHWkxwV2I2QlhjaUYzTTE0bWV4a2tNNTVFYjVVbVlQQjNMblpGVDVoVmRWcFhSMVlITklCemRVQmpiMlpGVXIxVVpXVjBWb0ZIVHdBRFVCaEdlQ1YxUXJrVFF2SmpNd01tWno0V1dKVkVUaEYyWnhkelRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ocean-tv.media/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Logo-OceanTV-FULL-1.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Ocean Tv
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwVmVVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTdFJqUjJVWE8zVVhVNGdEUmxoMWNqWm5UcklFZDZsMU5FdG1XRjlXYlVKa2RYZERlaFIxYTFnSGR1UlhZdlZ6Vm9GWE9YWkZTWkoyY3I0V1NuRlhVdGhXTzJoVWN5Y1dVeWxFTkl0aWNDbDJVUkpFY3lSSFI1ZEZWMWhIYjBSVlNUQkZiaFJIYWhKbE10NVdUeWdtYndCbk40RTJaeE1UYkU1R1RPUjBjNFpGZHdwSGJYRlhkQ0owYXlrWGFEZDNaenAwVnpaVVNTNW1ZckpIVm9WV2JPVlVkMmdYWjNrV2E0UjFiS3AwUlZSblIxczBaM0pGZGxGbE0zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/2228136_ico.png?ts=1613674520" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Enterr 10
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8zd1dVNGdEUnZWa2Q0cDJadVZFYnBsblNUNWtaeGcyY25GVU5sNTJacFZFU2sxRWEyWkhORFJtY0RCSGMxZG5ReGNuYzNobmUwTVRZdk5qWU1abU5IVkhUM0JEVU5kemNQbFhRYTFHT3hWbmNpZFZZMGsyVjJ3bWFoZG5jTGwwTFU5eU4yVkZhSHRtVkZKSE11MWtZWHRTZEd4V09CWlhPdmRXUWtGV1J4RVhkejVVTXBSRmNoZGxNT04zVnJOM1l4RmxWemRYTXk1a01EbFhlbFJGU3JoVmVwdGlRVEZGYTFsSE5MMTJRclYwWlJSMGQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngkey.com/png/detail/677-6773173_tmz-logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TMZ
http://?M3BtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISldlaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8za1dVNGdEUnZWMGE0cDJadVZFYjNsblNUNWtaeGszY25GVU5sNVdlcFZFU2sxRWF5WkhORFJtY0ROSGMxZG5ReGMzWjNobmUwTVRZME5qWU1abU5IaEdUM0JEVU5kVGVQbFhRYTFHT3BWbmNpZFZZMGczVjJ3bWFoZFhhTGwwTFU5eU54VkZhSHRtVkZSSE11MWtZWHR5YUd4V09CWlhPdGRXUWtGV1J4c1dkejVVTXBSbGJoZGxNT04zVm5OM1l4RmxWemhXTXk1a01EbFhlbFJGU3JoVmVxdGlRVEZGYTFwSE5MMTJRclZVZFJSMGQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i2.wp.com/actionsportsmusictv.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/XcorpsOPENgfx2.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Xcorps
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUnZWVWI0cDJadVZFYjVsblNUNWtaeG8zY25GVU5sNUdhcFZFU2sxRWFzWkhORFJtY0RwSGMxZG5ReGNuYjNobmUwTVRZdE5qWU1abU5IeEdUM0JEVU5kRGRQbFhRYTFHTzNWbmNpZFZZMEkzVjJ3bWFoZEhkTGwwTFU5eU50VkZhSHRtVkZwSE11MWtZWHRDZUd4V09CWlhPdWRXUWtGV1J4WVhkejVVTXBSbGNoZGxNT04zVjROM1l4RmxWenBXTXk1a01EbDNhbFJGU3JoVmVxdGlRVEZGYTFwSE5MMTJRclZFYlJSMGQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/Dmax.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", DMAX
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zNFdVNGdEUlpsbmF3WTFjMTRXUTJKa1pOWkVVS3RXVjBvMGJzRm5jVk5VUVpSMkt1MTJLclVWTXhRSFMyRlRUME5FZTRGRlZPbDBReFpGVmtaV1pQdEdUSEYwTFVkMGJ4TW5Sa1p6S25WVlZySTBkd3dtUXBCM0xLeGtlMUlHTTFBSFU0dFdkc2gyVXJwSFJEUnpjc1ptYnJkbGFyUUVkM2gwY1F0Q1d5dFdaQngyUVYxVWFtQlRhS056UnVkbWV3NEVleWdHVXFWRFNQZEdidlpEY0dWWFJ1cDFLblYzYkg1bWROeG1Rc2RFZHhzaWJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/nasaLogo-570x450.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nasa Tv
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUktCRGFodENkQlZ6TXJWMlY2ZEViREZuU2hobk1OWlVlaUZ6TjNoRlYyVjBSUVJWWnIwMmJHbG5aVVZGZE5kbmJyOHlMdmQyY1pwV2EyZDNTUkYwWmg5RWNtRlVTQ0ZqWTRoM1Z1Tm1OVDVXVTRNbWUwd0VleFZIVzQ0bVpuMTJZcVJrZDFzMlp3OVVWbWxsZEt0U1NudGtNMU4yTmpaSFphaDJMU1JHTkVGR2VHVlhZdkZWWjZKVE1qaGtjd01IVFJ0bVdEcEZlRVZqZERGR1J2VjJTME5WVE1oSE12NUdXS1pHZXl3VVczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/Animax.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Animax
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISldiaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zMFdVNGdEUkdSRWRQZGtjaVpEVjZaMktGbDFiNGcyVGpGM1pIaGtlb3BXYzBsV1U1RlRRNE0xUlQxR2UxQm5aUmhqYlFWVlFQbGxNNE5XUkp0aWJYcG1Ocmx6WWtoVGF1WkVTcmtUU3B0V1JxSlhVeXBIVG1aVVVOOUNkb2gyUnNSMGI2VlRWUGhuZVhKWE8zbGpORTFFY3lZVFpNbGtZNnR5WndKRGRQZDNaNkJGV3pSVGN3aFVjVEZuTnhSSGNRbGxZNGRXYVd0Mk1aZHpaNVJ6YmFKa1pxNWtUcFp6TVBaSFN2aG5NbUpsYzVZRVJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/884675389859090432/ZZ_PwKWt.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", AniPlus
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zY1dVNGdEUjFWR2FueEVTMVVsUTRWalZ0eEVhbHRXUVlSRE8ybzNhTXR5VHNKWGIyTm1WdGhrWllobWFsVm5TalZGYTZWM0tOVldkblp6VnhwVmNpcG1WUEpEV1dCamVCSm5hWUIxVG5WVFVLMVdSdHAzWXM5R1dyQmpieXNDVXJoVU41WmphNXdHT0p0bVYweEVXendtZUU5V080MEVleWRVUjQ4eWJKSm5WRWhXUWFSRmVyZFVVa05qWTNkVWRxSlVjMElIVDRwMk0zWWtleHgyYXpsVGVxMUdTR1JXVFdoWGRYNUVTQlZVYXlVM1pSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/E/Eurosport-logo-E3F6A32147-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Euro Sports
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwVmVVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVo0cFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zMFdVNGdEUnV0V2J5TjFMcWhqYzZaM2RCaEVXaXQyTkRWMFprUlRjWVpVV0c1VVJ1WjNRWGxsZXBwbmNTUkRNM1pHZFNwbFVxaDNWeTFFT0toWFEyaG5ReVJHTXpCamRPcEdOdVpETnE1R05ZVnpRMWNYZGtKV093TlZiQ05EV3lzU05yVmxiVGxYVnBoSGRYbFZVNTFrYk5kblZHUm1adkJIWlFoR1dvRkhjeVFrUXlnbGJ4c0NOVEZETnBaRWFvUlhVeGRHTm81V2JsVlZiNDh5YVA5VVpxWlZlU3QwWm1kbWN2VmxNMlZIYjNObU5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a4/Olympic_Channel_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Olympic Channel
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib3BXYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVp3cFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUnVGMGR5SUVWUlJGYXVObFNHQnpTNEUzVFFGSFVvOTBiRFpHTk9Wak55ZERNNWRGY3ZSblpyNDBSNngyY3FaMGR6b21Td3BtTlRGR082MTJUTHAyWUxCWGNUWmphbUZYUnZKbVMzb1VZc0ZuUXlNM1U2Um1kUEZ6VFpwME1wRkRNUkJIV3FsM041RTJNcVYwY3ljSFN2eFdXbkYzWmpWMkxqNW1jSmRsU0ZKamVMWlZZb2hsYXVobWFoOWlUSmQyUjJrelV2OFNja0psTjVRVFY1NVdhTHBIVVdSblFDMWtUalpqZW1WVFJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/hg/282974/png/282974.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Viasat Sport
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5c0dWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISldlaFJIV0ZkbVp3cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUlZwMloxVW5lanRpWnVCbFV2VkZhb1ZIWnFwbVk0bFVkTmRsY1laWFVuOWlNSVZ6U210MlVYVnpaNTlpY1oxbWNyeFdUdXgyUVpOM1ZSbG1NdFZsVHlVVGVNTlZRNGNUTjFSRVZtTkhlR0JIYkVKR1VtWkZlb3AxWnBWRWQ2UlRWSjEwUjBzMksyWWpUMUIxYUhKMUt6UUZOMXBFY3FsRVp5Tm5TVVZFYllkWGRpaFRaM1kzWnBKbWVCTjNjSTFtWkV0eWMzVjFibjFHZDM5MlZ6dFVjaFIzU0twWFFGWlRlM2NGYlhkVWQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFnArA8VEAAerym.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", 9XM
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwMWNVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXN0bWFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8za1dVNGdEUlVkVmV4WjJRMGNrZDRaelpaWjFaeXgyYTJjbk1sbHphQmxqWVZCM1p6ZGxZaDlpWlVCSFVKZDBZTFJrZHhjMU1MeFVjeEYyTVFwVVF2c21NU2gyS3p0U2VrVm5NWnhXYzRwRWQyZG5icmNuU1JkRGROSjJjUzUwWmkxMFl3TjFMMWQwTE1wR1JySm5VeElVYzNJVk4wSTNRdWhrVWxsMk1SRm5VNUlUWjNzR2R5bG5leE5rTm9wMFZORkRiREJuZXNwM1RCbERiSkZVTW9OMmIyWkdUUUpHVzJNWGNWdHlNaUpGZWE1ME0zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/thumbs/2x/the-weather-channel-1-logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", The Weather Channel
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5c0dWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUjA5U2RGMTBhcEpsU3NaMlN5WW1hNGRXUnRWalZNcDNaNUZrZXI4U01vUnpNaWwzTTJ0bWNEWm5NdlpWY0NkRFN1ZFhPblJqWTFWMExQcFdUTHBYU1hCRmQ1TVZXb2R6WjJSVVZ6UW1ja3BYYjFoVmFVbG1lelJVTXpVRmV3bERkWEZrYzBsM1o0RTBVUk5IZTNRRFIyUW1ZdUpVZWloMlRqZFdlaWhuYWpwWGRpcDNZbVZsTW50V1FaZEZhcklIUnVsblpRSjJjQ2hYWTRRVk0zWjBSdmcwZFdsR1pJMTJOQmRYYU5oME5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/be/India_Today_TV_Channel_logo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", India Today
http://?eHBtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISkdjaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNsbWFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUmpwRWVHTnpkUUowY3pabFlRSkhlcmNXYXZvRlc1Wm1kbU5UZU5kM1l4OUNjd2dtVHp3bWQ0UVhPclpYYUtOelJsVlZSNU5rTVVaM1Z1bG5VMTQwYzRsMGNSVm5Nb2xVVjRwSGQycEhhSUZuWnFObmJ4QlRhWGwzWU1oWFk2OXlTYTEyY2xwblF1cFVOa1JIYnZsMlNMaDBMNDlVWXNkV1V1QjNkdmxqWktOVGE1a1ZOVVZYWTVkbk5zVkZjSkJuVXJjM0tyTURkWVZXVTVJV1R3Um5US3R5S0pKM1lJMTJTNFIxYXpzV1dSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/be/India_Today_TV_Channel_logo.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", India Today
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib2xYYkpWbVRISldiaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUmpwa2FHTnpkUUowY25abFlRSkhlcmtYYXZvRlc1WkdhbU5UZU5kM1l5OUNjd2dtVHpvbWQ0UVhPclpuZEtOelJsVlZSbk5rTVVaM1Z1ZG5VMTQwYzRsMGNSVm5Nb2xVVnFwSGQycEhhSUpuWnFObmJ4QmpiWGwzWU1oWFkzOXlTYTEyY2x0bVF1cFVOa1JIY3ZsMlNMaDBMdTlVWXNkV1V1WjNkdmxqWktORGE1a1ZOVVZYWXlkbk5zVkZjSmRuVXJjM0tyTURhWVZXVTVJV1R1Um5US3R5S0pCM1lJMTJTNFIxY3pzV1dSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/CNBC_logo.svg/701px-CNBC_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNBC
http://?MXBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTelJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUlRaVmRCVm1kTGxGUjZGSGJyMFVTck4zVjJNV2N5TWxhcUJYTkZKek4yTmplUzFtUXJ4R09rcDNZMk0yWms5MGFvbEdOMFowYzJWWGN6TW5lM016U3BwWGIyUWpORTFtUnlkR056c1VOQmxtYUtaM1VuWkZiVFZVZUVWR055ZG5SUTlHZUkxMmR5RlVWUmhYZWpoMFk1ZFRXckpUZFJGMmRHaEdiNmRIVlRGRWFwVm5VeVlXUnNCVlZZbGxSQzltTnY4aWJFeDBaQ05uYnR0MFM1UnpUbE5UTTZkV1RxTm5VUjlTYXp4a1RuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/CGTN.png" group-title="International News Channel", CGTN
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVo0cFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUktWWGR2NG1TdzhHTnRsM1RXZDJOaTFHV3lJVFM0a1dlcVJFTUNKRWRySkZjdmNrYkh0bWE1TWpNVEZuZFd0ME4ySmxheVZ6UjRSbVU2VlhVeUVsU3lnMGJsUkVjdGwzYnpGVWJKUkVScU5YZEhsMlUxRUVlRGxXWjNFRk15OTBaYXRHVklsWGFWaDFWM3cwZElCbmRpTlhjNnhtTlBaelVJdDJNaVYxVXlwWGRRQkRPNVlUV3h0a05HQnpSckIzUXFWSFRxOWliRlZqVVZoblJ3VjBjNUowTTQ1V2MzbG5RSTVXZEpaamNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/lv/282263/svg/mtv-live-seeklogo.com.svg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Live
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISldiaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUk9wMGNtOXlhNTlTZHYxa05yWVRUMXBHYzJZMVV3a1dkNkJYZHNSVWJ3TnpNU1pEVzFSSFRTVmtZM01uYktobVV2a2pUd1JVVEx0aWUwVkhPaGxUTTVFVWFGWkhVWWgzTm9SblN4c3lRdGhXYVpSRmNraFVhNGdFV1VKbVNxTldTUU5GTmx0V1FXOW1WMkkzWndwVVEyOW1UcDFHT2hoMWROWjNWeU0yUUlkemQyeFdlTGhITXNsV2MwaGtibmhIT1RsWFRhbERlRUpIVDJRVU0yRjBUdmsxVjVnblNCSm5jcmhYY3paR2NuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d3e2xvtryj10p1.cloudfront.net/general_content/21_0_16_1_1521807420.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Yay
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib0JYYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUm10U2R5VVVVWU5WWnJSSFpORmxZek5ITjZKM1pqaDBkMEZrVlpCRloxbEZVWlpWUndvR1RFaFRWS05sY3l3a1dKbEZldnRDTUVObVdRRjNWM3MyY0ROMGJsUjJORlZrV3NoMlN2TTJZRFozUXk5VU93Y0ZlaGgyWXhNVVUzTldleGxrTnZoMmQ0VlZORWRYYXVwWFF3ZFdPeEZIYzVJalVEZG1TeDBVWnlWMFp3WW5idjlFZHlobmNzSm1lRzlXZFRSRk9uaDJiMVEwVjJKMFEyaFVkcE4zUVlKSGQyTVVNWFpUZU1kRWMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.vhv.rs/dpng/d/461-4612823_sony-yay-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Sony Yay
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUm10eWR5VVVVWU5WWm5SSFpORmxZemhITjZKM1pqaDBaMEZrVlpCRlp2bEZVWlpWUndnSFRFaFRWS05WYnl3a1dKbEZlMHRDTUVObVdRdDJWM3MyY0ROMGJsUjJORlZrV3VoMlN2TTJZRGQzUXk5VU93Y0ZkaGgyWXhNVVVyTldleGxrTnZSM2Q0VlZORWQzWnVwWFF3ZFdPckZIYzVJalVEdG1TeDBVWnlWMGF3WW5idjlFZHVobmNzSm1lR0pYZFRSRk9uaG1iMVEwVjJKMFFwaFVkcE4zUVlkSGQyTVVNWFpqZE1kRWMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 2
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5SUhWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib3BXYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUjFRSGJzZGpZUVYxTW9WSFNwUmtUNGttWVU1bU1hSm5jRlYwYndvV1MyVlRlVGhuVFI1MlN2b2xkelIwWlk1V1pYRnpSNmxWVHpsVFRqbG5kTnRtU1JoVmNyWmpXcmhrUjBkR1ZhTjBRMlpIWnhsRVJ3WnphNTUyVExKSFZ1UlZUTVZHVTJoSFIyUlVNczUwYjRoVFUwbFZid1ZVVTVnRGFDWm5kUmxWYlhkbGF3bFhZMUZGWnhoMWQ1eEdPQ2gzZHBselEwUVhickZXUnJoWGMzVlVVM29WZXpGWFFsZG5UUk5sZTF4R1duMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 4
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVpycFZhWUYzUXN0bWFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zNFdVNGdEUjFoRmV4MEVjUVJqTXlaMUxNUmpUejAyY2hWWFZTQmpiYUZFWnV0V01yMW1SNFZEZHp4V2RZTlZNVEpXZEVCbFZ4aFRXNnAxYWtsMFpFNW1VNFVtUTRJVmMxb2tOeVluWnVGMlp2UjBVSUZuWmhaVVkzSTNiUmR6WkU1V1ZvWkdjM0VGYlE1R2FUZGtVUGQxY3JBM1F3UlVZcVpsWjF4MmFOVjNNUGRrUTFjRGJ1VlVaSE5ITXVKRVdVTnpRTnBHZFlobU1EcEdkWDkyY0VsVmQwTkhaWXRFVDFVSFNUMUVUemdsY20xR1QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/ae-dubai-racing-2-3859.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Dubai Racing
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUkVSMmR5VWplTGhGVXZGa041VlZjbGxITnE5a2M0a1diMFZ6VDJrVVN5cEZjVFJIT2pablpETkVjV1p6ZHZRSGV6SkVadE4zU2hsMU5zWkhiUTVXWXFsRmJTaDNNNUIxUXFCWFo1c1NVREJIYTJ0aVR5SUZlRUJuZXJFVFJzaFdNMndXWW5kMlJ3cGtadzRXYjBkbFIwZDBTb0JuUzNVVFQ0aFhVUVp6UU9aWGJFaGxOM2RFVzRSRGF3Rm5lYWQzUnN4VVJOUlRiemRGV3g1MlQ2NWtVc2xETkcxMlQzZEZXclkzYXZoR1QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.desifree.tv/wp-content/uploads/DUBAI-SPORTS.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Dubai Sports
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zMFdVNGdEUmlOVWF6b0hTV1JXWnk5U1JxTmxOTVIzS3lwMGR2TXpaMUlEWk9GbVZwdENONTlHUnZJblpOZG5Oa2xIYzJjRWVORjFkd0pqZHZBVFFUNUdacmhuVW5GemNFMWtheVFUYnR4bVoyQlhTQ2xtYlJKVFl3RjNkT05XZUROalFwUjNOMGRXWTFWSFRyOUdicHBGZXlzbVNITmxSM2wyYXJZWFJIcG5WQ0IxUzBrM1pMVmtjR1ZGZTZ4MGNyaFRTbTVHYVpsblYya0djWDlVVjVZMFRxSkRUU1pGVHJwMlRURm1hNVZWZDJFMktuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcS0PSVQU0pCIFdxvH4iCbldCJkZdk3Z9TG1fQ&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", FTV
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGhtZXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUlZCRmJxcEdXM1VtYzNCblphSm5heFUzUm5GRlRVVlZkVkZHUzJJbWJ1UlVPemwyS081Mk5FMVVNMVJuZFE5Q1J5a0ZPcTlrVEJSM1R2c0dlRzFrTm9aMGN6OFNUM2tVZG9sbWRzOWtUcjBHTXJrR1Qyc2liMUJUTW9SamRwZDBNaEpYVzBwbVZXSkVkeEpYZWx0U1dMbEVlblJtV1R4MllZOTJLMnhVTndabWFQdEdkMjkyYTRSemFOUmxNR3BuWVNSbFJya0ZkdVJETUZORk5xUmtjWlZqTmxwR01DQjFWclpsYjI4aWFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.parsatv.com/index_files/channels/hdfashion.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", HD Fashion & LifeStyle
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhHZXJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUlpWV2RqaG5TcU5ITnJkMVl4b1hSTDFXT3l0VWR0MVdlSXAxVVI1a1R4bG5ldEZWVDJNbmQxTm5RWjlDZEc1VU5ISm1ZMkpIVHRoR1pRNW1TakZXYUZ0a2JJUkZNb2gxUXhkVk01b2tNMG9IYnhvSGNveDJaa0ZYZEpOalVxWmpRMGxVUXdNM2JMMVdUQkZXZFhoVlF0eGtNMnBtVkQxbWN5ZFdieE5WUzJCMWFUaFVZRkJsY3FoekxERmpaRDkyYTU1RU00NDBkTGgxTTJnRlV4ZFVZR1ZFVjFNM1Y0OVNaNFJYZGpoRVdSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.shutterstock.com/image-vector/wf-logo-260nw-589562555.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", WF
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGgyYnJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUlpWV2FqaG5TcU5ITnlkMVl4b1hSTFpYT3l0VWR0MTJiSXAxVVI1a1RvbG5ldEZWVDJRbmQxTm5RWjlTZEc1VU5ISm1ZMUpIVHRoR1pRbG1TakZXYUZ0MGJJUkZNb2gxUTJkVk01b2tNMG9HYnhvSGNveDJha0ZYZEpOalV1WmpRMGxVUXdjMmJMMVdUQkZHY1hoVlF0eGtNeHBtVkQxbWN5RlhieE5WUzJCVmJUaFVZRkJsY29oekxERmpaRGgyYTU1RU00NEVlTGgxTTJnRlV3ZFVZR1ZFVjF3MlY0OVNaNFJIZGpoRVdSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/CGTN_Documentary_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", CGTN Documentary
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNwbWFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUnhjVmVSaFZicmhYTnFwVlZXaFdiMTUyYjVzRWNqcFVkRU5uZHl3R2V0eEdXSVpGTjJCbld2Z21ZTkpHZTVvSE4zd1dPc1psVnBKVlFVUm5VVXgyVDNwV2NrRkhlbUJIYjJoSGVrTm1OdmhuVTNGVE51aEdlNXhFUjY1MGJ6aFViemtEVnNWWFQ0aDNkdDFHYWtKV2RUTldONEoyWTIwMmF6MTJSQ0owUnZOVGUwODJMVEJuY3hsVWNwOWlNSEIzUVM1MGRzbDFjckpXV0ZaMkt2RjFkUDUyVXprbU56aFZTWk4xWjI4R1RuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7HplreU.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Nandan Tv
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5SUhWWEZGVVBwVmVVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVpwcFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUlNSRGRXUldZM1owUjBsMUtZcEZOdzVtZENsRWVzcG1heGhUT0I5a055QlZjVmhUVnlKSFY1STJOQ1Z6Y2xSRlZ3WWpiNGgxY201V1JHbEdOMkVFVWgxa2R5cEVPNE1sYnZKVlRKQm5UMnRtZHp3V1F2SUVlVmRYZEs5MlozQkZhTnBXTkZwR1RYTmxWTUpIY3Jza1FJdDBNcFZUU3hnalN3QlhkbXBVZHVsV2UySWxRakowUTZaSGFITjJVaTVXVTNJVlF4Y0djMVF6VjNZVlR6ZDBkNThrUUQ1bVozTWtjcEZEYUpwa1RCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://archive.org/services/img/SkySportsCricket_201708" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Cricket
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISkdjaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUnNsV2VEVjNhUlpsYTQ1MFFyb25hRGhuVGFaM1Z4b25helpYUk9aMmNxZDFNSXRrY2pObmE0SW1TSXQwWjVaV1RORkVPMHAxYjVaMkwycDJTaEpuUjNZVGVzUmtlbmQxTjY5V080Y1VTNGxXVUxObGVGNWtheHRFTXlVVGIyWm1SbVoyYjExbWRVVlZSa3BsYktCWFRDUlVlMDlVTUlWbmVHQlhaNThHVFlCemJWRkdiWU56ZHl0a1kwSjNMbDEyVXlnVWUwQVhkTEJIUkpOVlQ2Vm5acjltTVpoM1NZbDBSMklEYnpzMkszMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/wwe-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="Sports Channel", WWE
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISldkaFJIV0ZkbVpwcFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zd1dVNGdEUmsxVWVHaDJWekJWT25GVFJyZ1ZSbEIzYVBWM1Ixd1VhMnBWYkJWWFEzRkZlcnNHVHowbU4zWlZUTWxGY1FWRlI2aFZWcGR6VnZkWGMxdFdOVnBFVHVKMGJyVTFVbXBXZHpKR096ZDBOSVYzYndwbmFFSjFhcngwZHpoaloxWlZlM1UyUVJoMlpFOWtXMkVEZWE1VU0wOVdOb2xqUTVrME1IWkhVWmgxYXY0MmQ0NWtUMjAwSzJCak5DUldXejlXUTBBbGFMUm1jTHBuZXdwVVMxbFdhM28yZHFkbVkzbEZaTkpEY1dWMFRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a735.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Match Football
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUlpsRWNZZGpUbFJFYjVWSFNJRjFWWXBITUZoR05ZSlVleHRVUkg1MlZvRm5WemQxTWxCWGQxVUhXaUZUZUV0Q2VTWkRTNEpqUTBJMFR2Z21ST1ZXWnFOR2N3UURWREptYm5OV05vUm5XcXBHYjZKVk0xOGthczVtVEp0U1l6OVNUa1pYTnNCWFZ0eFVhVmRsZXFaelUxcFdXc2QwUTFaMVQ0Z0hXWjlFV2FkemFJRm5OeXdVTXFkamF6UW5UTk5uZEdOVGRIcEdlQk5FUnFoRFRyRkdlWU56ZHc0MkswVVZjNFZtY2w5ME1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn-1.motorsport.com/static/custom/general-motorsport-com-team-2015-motorsport-com-logo.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Motor Sports
http://?M3BtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUjNSamF3MVdSNHBtUjZoRmJ3b1dOcjRXUzRnVVFZbGtlNVlFT0taVVN1Um5RSmRtUkMxbVd4RkhjUzVXY2E1MGIzTlhTek5UVVRaMlU0ZEdiVlpUYlVGRGNRWlRZdEYzTHVKblFzcFdRd2RHZG94a000a2tiUUZrZWg5MkxvbEZXNmgxVW1sV1RPeFdVQkZVY1BKRGVDdGtVMDVrUXJGVGRIbEdjcFpqWnc5RWFGOUNSRkJWT3ZKbVRrZDFVbXBuZEw1R00wZFZiNElXY2hKelNudGlVS3RXVDB4MlpMZFZONGQxZGpSa01uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.fightsports.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/FightSportsLogo2x.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Fight Sports
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUkxsMWNRUlVhMkYyYnVGME56UVZheWRYTmxOMGFYZGxkNEpXWVJOWFJ1aEVPM1EzVDFCM1R2eEVhelZuY3g4bVlCNVdiNDEyYTVBVlVpWlhlMnhrVVFsVWRaTjBWeVZIZXlOak50ZFRXeTltWTFoWFp2ZFZkSk4wYXpFWFd4RldlaWxEVndZblo1UnpMR3BGZE5WMlF5TWtkemhEY2p4RVd2NUdNeEExYW9GamVPTjNWTWxXYTJSVGV6dHlZSXRHVzBVRk0yeGtkekIxYXFwMkt2RlZOeHBIUmtWSFM2WkRaQ2gzWnpsbE5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.clipartmax.com/png/middle/46-462953_red-bull-tv-logo-red-bull-tv-logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Red Bull Tv
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISldlaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUlRabmExZ1dZQ0pFVTExMFQ2bFZjcjBXZWxSblYyRTNaaXRrUUwxR1R2UlVaaGhFY3JBWE52TkdNbWhVYURCSGJ4NEdVNVJsUXhoRWROcDJRbTVFTjVRVGNZZG5ab1JXZHM1R2RTcG5UQnRXWU14a1d2dFNiWXRVTVpCM1Z1VkhUeUVWTlJSWFd5cEVTVnAxZFB0R1ZJSkdkdWhtYkdGMk55c21VSEJ6WW1SM1p6bzFheDFXUzROR04xWkhXNWtHTk1ObVJHaDBhdk5WV0RWVmEwUmpZeU4zS3ZVM2N6aEdUak4xYjVKa1FSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/225-2256876_edge-sport-logo-png-png-download-edge-sport.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Edge Sports
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUjUxMFpsZEVNcFZWZTFwa1NDZDJTNXQyUjVWRWJsRkRjcWxUTXZsVk96bG5kTkYxZHhaM2RhWmxOV05UZHpCRGJQZGtUbzlpZW5sV04yVUhjejFFZTVjRWJPcDBLa3RtUm5aMFlvaGpNRFJIZEVsalpsTlVkMndFTUl0eVV0bDFjMGMwTFBaM1FRWjFMNGN6ZDBoVlZQbFRWbnRHYjFFRmNGZG5ReVpUVHlrVWFtTmxNVU5FVTJaRGNtSkVkUGhXWTI5bVN5aFdkUnAwUjA5aVk1SkdWdnRtUTVvSGNyQjNMUGwxY3NKbVQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8c/Tennis_Channel_logo.svg/1200px-Tennis_Channel_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Tennis Channel
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTdlJqUjJVWE8zRVhVNGdEUjAxRWVvOVVTaVpEY29GbWV4RlhPVHhHTlA5MFptOWthM0lqTjNBWGN2QlRZcE5sYXZnbVd0Rm1UUE5EZGFoblVHOTBOdVYwVHlWSFpVWkhieVlqVzRwa2JLeDJhNWhXYzJoVFc1ZFRaUDUyVG1kbWN2TTBiMjBtVDRjSGV6cEZXcjhDYVI5V1dCcFZjRXRtZFNOVVQ0MDJkdWRHWkc1bWQ0MW1hcnhrYWF0V2J5ZzBWUjlFUnVWSE9vbFhXTEZIUjBzVVNWTkViVXBHZHVoSFU2UkRkUk5EVHZkM2F2UkZXc04zZFVSVGJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/o/6/6554.1489225299.png" group-title="International News Channel", Fox Sports News
http://?MXBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVpxcFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUlRCbmFVQlhVeWNtYjVGMVpwSjFWbGhIVjBrM01NRlhiMlJrUno1bWFyOW1NTWRuUjRJSGExWjJRNWdIZXcxV2Q0ZFhNb2hGTW1SVlJUUm5ONmwwVG1kbmR4a0RUVFprZTA5VWR0ZFdWM04zWUR4a2RVWkhieVFuY3ZFMFIyWnpjUlowVlVaSGVvNVVZdmczZDRCM2QxOWtVbk5YT3dSbFdGcG1VWmRrZVFoemI0VlVjczlXWXNsMk5YaDJiV3hXTnZJVlpHNTBiMll6UUpCRE41Qm5SUE5sV29SWFJ5NW1Tak5WZHJGRU1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Arirang_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Arirang
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5SUhWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISldiaFJIV0ZkbVo0cFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUlBSSGRNWjNTdXAxUXk5Q2RqUjNVRnBuWTZkMFM0TUVhRVZqZHpjMFVwcFhkMlZrV3dOWGRSTkRaS0JuZDJGblFZRjBLMmxHWldaMkxEaEdPeGNXZVNCWGNqZEVhSlpFU25aWGVRbDJRS0ZIU0NwblVZcEdhMGcwVEpwVlU2Um1SMU0wYUpkM1NqSldlUE4wYzFKVFVUeDJVelYwTkhWRVIwbEhPUU5FZGF0MmN4b1VZMVlVYXdCbmRWOVNPNkpuVFdkbFZLcG1jcWxFUlVSRWM2RlZNVVYwUjFvM01ZdDJUc0Z6YmxwM1EzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/1/16/CBeebies.svg/1280px-CBeebies.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cbeebies
http://?dnBtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib3BYYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUjFjbGVYeFdhSHBGWnlKbFRRaGpldjFHYUNCVFF4WVZkSWhrVDRwbFNuWjJkeDVXVnBWWFZNQjFjQ1pYYjNnM01vbDNUNWRuTlBGRWMxeFdialIyUlBObGIxZGtScXBFYW5KVlJEVkVSMGdIYkxCVFJhUm1hcWhXVU1Ka2EwQjFSWEZWWlhCWE1EcGtXdU5rYm1kblQyZ2tkMUZVZXhJVmN5Y0dUVGRrVjE0VWVJbFhlNWxWYTVobk0yWWxOdUYzUkxOSGVEcEVjNXBXVXhNSGJ2NTBUemttTnZvbk1saG1aM1ZYZHdBVGRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/POGO-logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Pogo
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwVmVVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zY1dVNGdEUlN0MmFFcDBNUmRFWnFWbFRUaDBNNGxYU3hJV2JhSmxjR04xTXhCemFwcFVNMFlYV25CSE5vNUVNdEpqY1h4V2RZRjJWM1psV2hCalI2WkhjSUoyVVlCRGJoZDJZTWRrUnI5a1VFUkZTejBtVVNKR1Z0TkZkSXAwVGpkbk1ySjJZcWx6Y0NKM2J2NUdjVVZtZWtoRGN6Qm5ZNEYyY285MFM1ZFdXRGRHVHpRRWEzY2tNelFYVjNOVFdCdHliaGxHU0ZaSFoxb1ZiM1VGYURCM2E2ZHpRM1ZsTjNkWFR5RjNaS2xqZEdOM1IzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.parsatv.com/index_files/channels/sharjah.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sharjah Sport
http://?c3BtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUnM5MmJ0QkZXbmhqZDFSR2N4OWlRbnBIUjFFRU92a0djeG8zTXdwM2FydFNXdHAyUmlCblE1QWxTb1ZrZE9ObGNyUWtVd05sVno4RVJGaDNMMHhFVHZZVGF3a1RORUZUUTVWblZ4d0ViMDRtV3JRVk02VmplaUZEYm10bWE2WkhabnRrWUNSWFVyRnpWSEoyWk5sV1lKTkRhdFozTHpNVFpxSkhkMDBFT0dsRGVKaEhjaGhYUndoVE9NMTJUUXhXTndoamF3TlRldzlTTjVZVVo2QlRiek1rZFRKM1l4WjJVdUJEYVQ5Q1pCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/mohona.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Mohona Tv
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5Y0hWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTMVJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUnJza2RaVkZkUk5VZTFKV1YyNUVXRGQzWUlsMlI1VTBjaU5XY1ZoRFIzQjNRdjEwVDJWM0wwSkRPRjkyYjJGM1ZSaFZOMEZ6S29SWFdVWlhXeEVtTnpNVWR2MEdVU2wyS3NGMVJ3bEhhTmwyYnJNa01pUjNjM2NVYVJSVmQ2bGxXRGRFYXJSSFdKTm1SS05GZDJnWE9sdFVkeFJrVUY5RVR2VW5ZRGwyTkpSa2NEbFhZRDFHVHZGV1lrZFdldnBuWVFCM1lHNUdheGwyTElWalV1VjBaYU5UV3ZNM1NpTkdVMU5uYTFwMlNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/sd/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ananda Tv
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zd1dVNGdEUlVoMWRORmxNVUZIUnBoSE9JaDBiNTFHT3RKVFNYUlhlUmhHY2hOV2Q0Vm5ZWnAwVGxOSFVuWkVVcmxEYllsRk5XaEZkMmRrYklobmFLZDJRV2xtVVFWVGRxRjBSdncyYnFWalF6TlhWUFJYZW41a1owb0ZiUUpXTjQ4bWV6WmtUNGNuWktkR1V3MVVONUlUZUZwbU1tQmxZcjlHUjZ0a1JqcFhlaUpGWmwxMloxTW1WeG9WUzNKVmNWUmtXMFVIU3R4RWFaVmtlRkZIVE81MlJ6QkRVMGhFUzFkWGVwOVNkYWgwYlpWaldSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://bijoy.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/logo.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bijoy Tv
http://?eHBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUk1wMWFOSnpOT1p6VnF0aWV6VkhTNWRYTnFsRWJaeEVkSk4wWktka1Z6aG1iTWxUTTNObk1ORkViSjl5YmhCM2M0OG1ibkZUWlVoRVV3b0hPU2xqZW9abmE1UlZkUFYwWXZoRE1hZERXSUZIU3VaM1ptbGtkSFZ6VXdjVmVuZGxZclZXU3VKbmQ1dzJiTXgwYW1OWFZ3a0RjdFJYWkx0aVRGbDJOc3RDYnlrbGN1UjJkR0oxU3Joa1d5cGxlQlpuYnZGSFdsTm5jczlXWjFORk9xaGxic2REVlRoblpNVkRXa3BGYkhkbFpSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://media.loveitopcdn.com/5875/thumb/346x259/171127-logo-k.png?zc=1" group-title="English Movie Channel", K+
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib3hXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXN0bWFVTjNSaGgyYXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUnFabWR6UW5UM3dtTnVoRFpIZEdNTTFXWXJNVFNXUlVldmQyVXZNVVMwVlZUUDkyYXpFM2NKZG5idVZsZVlsMktoTjFWMEZWVjU4a2MwWTNkMlpFVUpsa2IxNWtiS1JYWTBwbU5JRjJiQ1ZYV09aM1R3RWpkVGRsZUtSWE5vQkhhNnBFZVlOM05zcEdVdEozY2o5eVJpWmtaMlpYWndralZNSkhjUlpIT0lOMlpyOVdleXNVUTA1R1Mwa1RhMWxYT3IwbWR5WWxkRUpsYndJRVp6MUVaSkpGWmp0V1pRTjFNWkZUYnJGV2VSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/40/Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg/220px-Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Bharat
http://?c3BtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTdVJqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUndoMWRYaEdXczlTTW9aVVl6WjNRRHhtWVkxMFRITjFiVEZtWXRaVVIwdGthbHBHVTB3bWI0cEhST0JIZWxsbFlENUVPd1ZUTTRFME5sWkhkR2RsWjZKWGJRWjBUeEkyYXNKbE0wc0diRDkyTExobFFHaGxiWTFHYmxwVk51cFVjcmtXWTVZM2JWOUNPQlIzZEZWVE1PcDFNeVYwUTY5R1V6SkhaSmgwYkdCemExaDNLeGczVHpOSFZCVkRObk5IU3pKSE1QbFZlUnBrWnpjMmJwdEVXNVFUTTZsbldzWjFhQ2xWYjM4RU1CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/projects/404/14494583.548597b56b924.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Sitaray
http://?cHBtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISm1jaFJIV0ZkbVpvcFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUkJWbWJTRmxUNXRpZDVOMVVHdHlWSGRYVldSamU0b0dlR2wxUzBBblQzUlVXckJGY1NsMlIyRjNaTDlHYktwV2RGeGtTcHAzTVJKMGFzOTJTQnBHUllGSGJ2b0dhb1p6THBWVU9TdFVSdzAyTHhnMlJabFdhTkZtV2gxMloxUmphU3hVTVlaWFRPWm1RNU1WZTFNbk12RkdkMUZuY0VOblRJQkhOdEpWWnNwRmRuVkZhS3BXT3FaVE94Sm1ldmRuWnBkRVZGaDJkcEZVV3hBbFVyTkhOczlFTm1oV1VKcG5hQlZGY29CVmFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e8/Masala_TV.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Masala
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUlFOVWVyTTBTWU5WVjBCWE1yWlZVeVozVkY5U053TXpiUk5HUjFoRlRubG5WR3AyYllWSGRzcFhVeEpUZFBORGRCQjFVdmxXVXZnV05vbDNMMDlHVklsbGQwdGtXRlZ6Y3Zoa2NTWlhlV3hHVkRWM1RqOW1hTzlpTlZkVlR6Um1VV05uYktOM1EwVlhPek5VYzRSbVMwWkZWMU5qTnNWa1VJQkhiME4yZFB0RWU0dzBkTlZVWnZGMFMwZ3pSYVZIT0lWVWJUdGlhbVYwYldOMk54WmxUUmhIVU1KSGQxSkRSNmRWY1ROemNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/Hum_TV_2013.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Tv
http://?eHBtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISkdkaFJIV0ZkbVpycFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zVVhVNGdEUndzV2VNaG1TeE4zUnBsM1lDTmtVSGRIY3FwMUxJWkZieWcxUmxWR2V4dG1hbmRXY0V0V1VpSm5TV3hHYXl0V1dMbDJkclIwVUZaVFZ0SkhNNlJGY25GMGIxUm5kU0ZuZTZGbWJHOUNjRzFHWmtoSFoxa2xia1IyZHpRM1U0Sm5UWEpFVnhVblVvaGpNa1psYUJwWFMza1hRNkJ6U2toelQya1dkWkpGYU9ObWF0aFhlelZtV3Q5a1FobDBNaGgyVUVWMVVYRldkM3dtUjBCRmV2TlhiWngwTU9OWE9HUmtZeHNVY0RKRVozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Zee_TV-2018.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Tv HD
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwMWFVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISkdjaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTdlJqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUmhCbGF2Y1hkcmxuY3ZGVVlXWm1NMncyZDNzMk1weDBkejUwUnRkM1EwUmxXMHBuUncxMlF5TjJMUTVrYjRKWFdMeFVVb2hXY3ZzeWN4VjNMak4zWVZORGFDWkZhMVpIZHQ5RVJtSjBNejVXUXZVek5YVjFjWUpFZDNzV1F4MVdlUTkwYXlkM052QkhTdlZHZDQwMmRDbHpSc05UYVJOMmJwcDNOSGwzS0hkVmJHRjNSVDVVVXoxRWIwSjJacGRuVHl3a2R3UjJaeVVuUXUxV1F0aEhiR2gwYzJ0V1RIeFdRV0owZEtORFRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/497440939388858368/73qSmbwD_400x400.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Pal
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTMVJqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUjJWV2VveEVjRlowVHBKRWQ1NGtWMUJIVjVrRWNaZEhhVXBrWXJsblNuaG5XdVZIWndkR1ZvQkZSM1FuZDZWMExscDJUelpqZEVsVVVMZEdUVnBWYnlNemNJTkRldUpHVnhWalFCVkhad3gyVUNOMlJrVm1keGhVYzBKV1pwUmpaSmhqTXFOSGEzSWxkeWsyZGxGVU11Vm1UdFJWVHNkRmJ2d0dWTUoyY1dGbmV4TUdhWlJYZW5kelZzRjBUU2hYYmpCbFJSWjNadmsxWVZkR1ozRkVPWUprZXU1V1JucGxWbUZsYk10aVpSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.satiitv.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/star-gold-2.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold 2
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5SUhWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhtZXJkVFFzRkhTdFJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUlh0VWN1eFVWUlZsUm85MFRLeEdXeUFuTU45bVJ1MTBkRjVXWjVBekt4VlhWT1puTWxCWFZzUlZURHhtYmlwM2M0SWxZd2xYTTRKVGIzbG5Sc1JsTjVGMGEyTVZPb0ZEYzNSMU1OaG1STmxXWTVzeUsxWUVjckp6YTEwbWV2OVNiVGR6TTJBWE5LdENOUUZsZVhwbVZJVldPNGRFT3hJWGNyQW5kM1JEVXlOVmVxWnpVNEZtZTZGRlpQZDNiVHhXVEZ4R2IwY0ZiMWdrVXdVM1lyQm5hbnBuZWhoM2RxMVVZMWhFYTFJalFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fPuBXRz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Manoranjan Movies
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwVmNVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVo0cFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTelJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUnBoVGF6WTFaaDkyTXNORE1aaDFVYWxYWnpJVk9JeFdiWnQwTDNNWE51eDJkd3NFTlRGM2NuMUdlaU5IYTVWMGJ3WUdNb0ZXY1NwM0thTkhjd2d6Y0dkbGJvZG5abnAzTDZSWFRyMUVNNXBtTTFBSGJOVlhkc05GYkh4RVJwdEdVcmRHWjY5R1VVRjBVVHBWZEJWV05sQnpZd05qTk1SbFZWTkhhaXhtYzZaRmF6SkhXeWsyUXpObVZGaDFMd1FYZVBORFQyUjFaUWwyTEdkMVNvaFZPdzhTUzR4V2I2bG1NbE5rYjZoamNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/57/6c/36/576c36c2b45e2bc52b2360fcd2fd2eb4.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Ten Sports
http://?dnBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYjFsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUjRRemJQSjJSRHAwYndSMlFVMUdkbEYzU205VVlzRm1jU1JIYVpCRk1zWkVjUWxYU3Y1V01tVlRTS0IxYVVOblVESlVSdjlrVExWa01qcEhiUXBYVzNsRWF3aDBTRWxEYzRoV1YyUVRWbGwyWkROMlJrbG5lRGgxY1RKVlR5RkdSWjkwS2xwblRySkdhSGxIY1ZkWE5xcGtZc0pqTm1aelNwbEhld0JUYzZ4V2FWOUVjclFUVzNSRlNrRmxaMEpIYTVrRFNtSmtjM2xqWXprM2RyTkhjM0psUzNSM1l6b1VaS2hsYjNWVlRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/11/T_Sports_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", T Sports
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVpwcFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTeFJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUjNGWGR3UW1SSTltU3ZOVVpDcFVaVEZIVnZKalMxY1RiTmRsUUxaa1J2VjJWNVUzU2lSbk0ySjJLb0YzY1JKbVJhRjNSNkozVXFoSFQwb0dXM2dGUjVWbWR6Z0dhRWxHUzVwbVJyRUhidk1uUXNoMGNWSkRkVWhGU3Z3V014UlhSYWQzTnRsWFNPaERhSFZVZHJwM2RUTkVPNkZGWjNnVmVRaG5XenNFYldkSGUxRldNRXBIZTU5MGIwWVZjenhHUlJGak1IaEhjVkZUY1I1V2NwaFdOcVZqYmtaWE5TMUVjd01VYnZrVE9uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/7a/df/4f/7adf4f93765290728de8f3470d780170.png" group-title="Sports Channel", DD Sports
http://?MXBtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwMWNVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib2xYYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVpucFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGgyYnJkVFFzRkhTdlJqUjJVWE8zNFdVNGdEUkZ4MmFXTldhb2hXTnZwVlZ4SUhSVkpYUTNGVFdRRlZjS1JYVjNaV1M0UkRkQnAzYkwxbWFxZHpLTEZuZXFaemQybGpVNlZXT0VGblR5NVdTelVGWlhKWGRVbG5VRWRYVHVkVGVwUlZSMVpuVW1KVGRtTjFaeEF6UWpObWRvTkhSRkpWV1RCbldSdFNZbjkyZHJRRFN4VUZjd2hYYXNWbVVqdEdNTngwS0Y1MlpwUldSVVpVZHQ5R2NMaHpTSlpYYXNOWGJJRkZiaGRWVjRZWFF2cGtNYVZHUlh0R09vSlZSWDlXZU1GRU1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/MTV_Logo_2010.svg/800px-MTV_Logo_2010.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv India
http://?MXBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUjJra2F6RkZhd1ZXVDNkbFZpdFNPTTkyU0lSVlQxQW5hNmxGVXdSVVp4WjNRclJETjVCSE5LaGxXczlpYmtoVFZQWmxOMXBXTUZaMkxLQlhTbFpIYXhaa2RvTjBMYWhVVndOR2VLRlRlTWhYVkdKRGQxZ2xhMzhVTzJobmRxbFRNelYzUk94MlMxSVhlWHAyY0R4R1QxZEVVb2REU3lNVmVwbG1lSmQwVHZsbWVwUlRlNUlFYXVGMkxMZHphYTltWTNGRlpQVjJiR2RuVkU1bVd0aEVidTVrTUdoM2QwSUdOM3cyWlBwMlFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/NHK_World.svg/1200px-NHK_World.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NHKWorld Japan
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwMWNVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXN0bWFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUnZwVmExVlZhVlpuUW9sWFlHdFVaVXQyUVBSVGFESlhjM2NVU3V4V00wOTJNRzFXZEl4R1Z2ZG5hUDFHYUJsRmFobFZZNlJVT2lsME5JeEdVT0JqZXpnbGRhSjFhck5uZTJGMmRLWmpTMXdXU254a05JcFZiU2xVVXNSWFVvVkVNd2hrZTU1MlIwMG1aNHR5YjRBek10dDJLM1IxUndFVllDNUdlV05IT3MxMFpLaFRWUkoxTTR0V1o0SmplS2gyS3JjR1VUTm5iSFJsWXg5Q1Z6NWtRd1pqTXVKblJqVkRTalZIZGE5MFQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/VOA_logo1.png" group-title="International News Channel", Voice of America
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwMWNVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISldkaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXMxbWFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8za1dVNGdEUjRGR2F5a1VTdmRETndsbVJ5UXpVRWxXT3dGMVZWZFVib3AyWXJvbk4zRlZVb0ZqU2xkbld2UVRVNVEzWm94MlZrSkdPMWRIYnZwbFlrMW1jTUJEVmhsV2FuSkVheVVuY3RablEzWXpSd29YZXJKVGU0OENlS0pFTXhZbmV6RjJaUVYyTkhwbVducDJjelExYzROSE8yZ0dkeUZUVWlORU1QZDNRR3AyTU9WRGQzVVdPTWxEWjVsSGV4bEZabWRYWnBwWGNVUlRlb2xuVjVORVNucFhRWVYxYjMxR2ExazBVcnBXY1dWamJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/Times_Now_2010.png" group-title="International News Channel", TIMES NOW
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zd1dVNGdEUmFKMVprVkdjekZHT3BCMUwzbzNUUXBHTjNGak42dENhQloyTnZFRlMxMUVSekFETTFrV1c0Z2taUmhVYk4xMFVGbERONlJ6S0VGM1lWZG1iekZUVmFkSGJ5Tm5adDlrUzZaVGFNbFZhemNHTTRWM1oza2xkR1ZuYnZWbVd0SkhTVEJUTmwxV1JSdGtiTUJGYzZKamJ6dzBVekpEYzJzQ2F0aDNLdkpGYzBvWGVIUm5jbVYxWXpwR00xZ3pUMU1IZG01bU15OWthNVVtYnBKVFIzQm5ad0FWV21wblJUOUdSVnBrZTJWV1czMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://assets.bbhub.io/company/sites/51/2019/08/og-image-generic-lp.png" group-title="International News Channel", Bloomberg Asia
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5UUhWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib2xYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVpzcFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhHY3JkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUm5kVWFNSm5aRmRFVjFwbk12QlRZcDVHUk05eU02RkRiR2wwWU5sSFp5aDNTbmhGVXBkSE8xcGthVXBsYTNVMUxYSlZSMlJWWmlkbU40bEdSRUJUVDU1bWR5OFdOM1ZEYXZSVFN6OTBTSEZuWkV4RWVpeFViSWRuUXZSV011UkZiWFJHVm1obmN4RW1VVWxEY3Q1R2VYZFZPMEowWVpaMGF3Y1dleXN5U0hSWGNVdEdlbVJtWndaa1FFQjFSWFIzTUpOMGJTUkRiaDlTY0dKMFZ4ZFhUNXRVZHhWbmRvaG5hTUZuZHhCSFozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/7364080_ico.png?ts=1613156952" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sun Bangla
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYnBsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVp3cFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTeVJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUm1WbWFQZDFRaUJqTTNSa1ZCMUVSSXRHUnlBVmNSNUVkeVJGZWtaVmI0ZEROMk1uV2FaSGQyTUdlWjkwWjFFSE5xZGpSenBXV2pWbFdGaEhjSWhsUXJRemJvRlVTRU5WY3pKVlJtRmtNeVFYWTJrMGNwSm5hU3RXTWlaalVyTm1hSUJIVlFSM1QwOVNVMDRrY3M5aVZQcFhjeFJWZWpkVVZZRlhOdmh6UkdkamJCRmtleUZqVDRsSE1UQlhXc0ZIWlB0V1V2Z1ZlMGtWT1M5a1E0VkRjNHAzVU1oMlVpNTBVNVlEYjFOVlpuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722427_ico.png?ts=1613156438" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Ruposhi Bangla
http://?dnBtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBibzFXYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXM1bWFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUjRZbmNqWjJMMGRqY3lSV015VjBZUWxtWVFabVV3b2xhd1IyUXpkelRwSjNTd0FuWWExR1R2QXpSeloxYlZOMWR6QnpTMEZXYVQ1a1ZxUlhOQkYzWU5SMGR3bHpVd2dHYnlCMWM0UjBVb2RXWjZsVlN6NVVkalZtUVpWMWIyRmxkTGhsTkZobVZrcEZlQnBXYUpwRWQ1ZEVOejkwVnhwVVcxSkhNM0VXT3pJV2NHNUdkSDFrYjBCVFp2OTJReEpIWlQxVWNSTjJaRWR6TFo5RWJ1ZHpOUDlDV3g1bVdYUkZhaU5YZXY1bVMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://godish.com/wp-content/uploads/channel-logos/zeesm.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Smile
http://?enBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8zY1dVNGdEUjVzeWRxTkdOU1owTTZKVFUwaFdVemxIVFZoMEszc2tld1JXYU41MlRxUjJZTjl5VDFjMmRKdENORUZYZHNCalZrNTBVc2xXVnhJRU5CaEdOaFZuVzFGMVpyY1hhc2hFVXdSbFUxRldVYTUyUkpoR2EwVkdjeG9IVENKWGVvUmxaMEoxWVBCbmNYUkRieFYyYllCRGNqbHpkdVpHTUxaMVMzbFdXNE5UU0VwWGROTlZUSzkwTHp0U1p2RXpiNWMzTFFGV1FWWlhjTlZIZXVSbWJ2VnpTT1pFTldkV1dLRkhTWk5VZU5kRmNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824742_ico.png?ts=1613202550" group-title="Hindi Channel", PTV World
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYm9sa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVp3cFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8zd1dVNGdEUkhSWGNsRmxlamxuUnNKblJJUkVXVmxuWTM1bWVTMTJaUlprTjMxR1R6UmpOMk5HTXpKSFNLWldOb2xrY3ZoVFdOeGtkNjl5WnhFRGVFWlhldFIzY3NwR2VCaFRUNDlFYTVobU4zUjFNRDlHVFZkbVRzcDJjMFJsYnlKRFVwRlZXVHAySzZOWGNoSjJhSXBWZVZwbGFEcFZjNVJHY09ka2J4Y21aaWRGU2pGbmFCOW1SME5XVnNOVlUyOUdPSlpYTUhsbE1rUjNid0ZHTktGVVYyaEhVeVlHVjFGM1N3Z3pNVDkyYXdCWE9CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwMWFVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISldiaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNCbmFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUnpORmNQUjJRd3hHYXNKWFU2UlZVREJuU3o4eWJCRjJaS0YzZHZJWFp1bEdOT056TlVaWFRPVlhRbXhXY3hSMlFacGxONFpHVDBnblM1czJaMTlXVnZkVGV0bFhRcXRHYjNkR1JNQnphUDEyWndSRmFMOVdkNGtEZTJRbE10QmxWQkZ6S2pobmVCcEdWem9XZXdSbFdvcFVSMzVtTlpGR2F3ZEhSREpuTkxKSGU0STNjd2hFVXFORFp5TXpjU2hHZDI1VVlGRmtlMFpEUnE5RWJ1VkZhU3AyWUxKWFNGRmxkNGhHYVdWVGRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv3
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5a0hWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTdFJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUnhJRWVHRmplaUJIV3VSSGRFMWtXNnhHZUJkR1ZubEZhWkZUVjNWSFZucFhUR1JHU1RaWE9zWkhXMVExZHc4eU1PcFVlNGgyTkNsRGQzOTJLWlowWjJjMWRTZDBNM2QwYTNOMk5IbERkRzVHU3ZwWFV6Y0hlNEJYT1hwblEwcG1Tc2gxU2hwSFQwY1ZUb2hYY1ZKVVE2WjFTd0JIUjBFbFZ4dG1VSFowTG1wMFoxOGtaNVZuTnpaVmQyNUVjd0pYVnZoM1lJaEdkeGgyUzA5MFFzTlZVNVJsTUNwMk12OWtRV2xEZElOak1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv4
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5NEdWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYnlsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISkdjaFJIV0ZkbVo0cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGgyYnJkVFFzRkhTdFJqUjJVWE8zOFdVNGdEUnJNV2JXOUNXUVptTnZSa1p3RjFWMUlYZVFsblNqVlRkckVqVG14V1N3Tm1Nek4xYTM0R05NWlhPWkZtZTVrbFp5UTJLeU4xWWxobFV0eEdlWFpUYjJNa2VaVlhRVlZIU3BOellYNTBWeGxuWjFSbGQySVRiUU5tTTZKM1pycFdkbjUwYTB3bVZpWkhaSTlDZXJZVVN4aEhhbjVVWlFkbFJRcFhUVXBVUXZJbWJKeGtkSHAxWnJOa1FQaFVOMThtTUhWSFdZZGxhenhXVkhGWFd5RmxONVFXUjEwMllubG1RUUJsYm5GWE8zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tatasky.com/s3-api/v1/assets/channels/star-gold-select.gif" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold Select
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnRsa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXN0bWFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUlZoMWFXSlRVelFFUndwMlJqaEdiNkozTTRZMExPdFVkTGxqU0N0aU0zaDBOSWRqZTZoV1IwZ0VkM2xUZFVwbmNqaDNZMEYzS3k5eVZ2bDNMNFp6TmlwbGJsUlVXa2RIUjNsblRpcGtOcGwyWlJwR2JMWkhielVWUk9aR2J4OVNkSUZUWUxwWFFyYzFhanRXYjRWV014b2taNmxGVGlsVFo1Y25VcE5uUktkRGJYWmpaa2RtZXB4bVFrTjJWclpIYWl4VWJtWkVjdm9uVUxSMk4wWnpkRnAxWUNsbVN0SldXNGtIYzBOVVZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Zee_Cinema_New_Logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cinema HD
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhXZHJkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUndzU2EzMEdaUnQyUnVCelR5czBMeFFYWUJwMkx4aG1iU3BIYlBWbFVvSm5UTkZFY0V0V1NuNTJiMGxHYkloSFYzWm1SdmxrZVdWemJLaG5Xd1F6VVlWRWUxWTJVVnBWYXRGbE0zOVNONG9XYm1SbU1GVlhjS0ozTU1kbFFvTkVlR0ptZXJkWFc0SmtacjkyZDZ4MEtwOVVTdHRtVWhsbGF5OTJkWlZqUUxSSGFUbGtiMkpWYjZaMlNTTkdhb2RIYnk0R1N4Tm1kYVJqTUZobWFvTjJjeHhrWnZ3MlN3Z0dPWmRsY0lGRmFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S3lVg3i.jpg?1" group-title="Hindi Channel", Box Cinema
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISkdjaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUmpSV2NyUkZldk5sUnBoa2MzYzFjMDBHZVA5RVdTbDNadnhVVHZkelEyWkZUcDlXZHJoMk5LRlVSMUpWY0RKRmF2a1VPeFpVTTVRMGREcDNaejEwWkxkbmFRSjBjMlJVVnh0aVVYOWtZWHhHTjBFelpFbFZkVDkwYnY5U1N5dGlXeFZXYzBwbU5TUkZUMm9IYTAxbVUxOVNNeUJuTVVGRVNWZEhVMEozY25Ka2RVTkdlckF6Y3o1VWRaTjJLNGRYV3E5MExEcFZja05uZVpaMVl2WjBUNG8xUzRaM1l4WmxlbVJ6Y0toSGJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/441-4412906_utv-movies-tv-listings-utv-movies-tv-program.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", UTV Movies
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwVmNVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGgyYnJkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUkdwRWExZ0hXaXQwVHROM0xIcFZNQkJYZHBObVc0SjJjMnAxVlZWbVNvdGtOdHRtTmhsV04wRWpXd01tY01oWFcxUUhSejlrZUtoblMxZ21UaU5uY3R0RWVWTnpWUFJHZHNKSFM1cDBRcnMyU3FWamRtUlViUEIxTndkVFN3QlRiYUYyVFlkMkwxVXpTMWxsZDNoR1JGdDBjNWxEU1lWbGVwbG1OTk5YT1BKWGFXVmpOd1pUWXNoMmRvRkZadmRXTVlsMFl2OXlaTFpWU3VWM2QzUmpkeE5IYlh4MkxNUjBRT1JVYjJVbFQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ef/Discovery_Asia_logo.svg/1200px-Discovery_Asia_logo.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Asia
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVp4cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zTVhVNGdEUnhsRmNrcGxOMFpHYXVobVpIZHpSM0VIYnVaWFl5SVRjaXRVVHg5V1N3eFdOUWxHVVVobWFLZGpkdGQxY0lWamRZZEdScHAzWXNOMFFXRm5aMHAwUlRGMmQ0TTJZVkJIV3FCVFdDWkZhUFpYUlRoV1FzUlVhUWRXVzBNVVVvUkZkdkJuZHdKWGF6bEhNWk5FYmpGbVJoZFRjeGRUYU1Kbk42NTJNNngwYVV0U2FCRm5ld3gyZHRCelF6WUZjbGRuTlZObFl2UVRhckVUVjBCMVYyRlhUbjVFTVlCM1NsbERaR2wxWkpGSFUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://n.divan.tv/img/global_img/media_api/channels/b9861f5f/aa10a18d_med.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony Turbo
http://?eHBtUWw5U1p5Z0dWWEZGVVBwVmVVSjBZSEoyYndsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISldhaFJIV0ZkbVp0cFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTNlJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUnFwbWJZaFdhamwwVjRsbFJVaDJLQ2hHZU10RWROdENiM2xuV0hSSFp4TlVXc05HV05GM05zQlhOVjVFYzJJRWRZcFVOMlJGU1ZKSE9KTjNSVHBVZTNBelp4TVdVWnAyTDFGSFVqMUVXU2RuUVNCalZ2VUVjWlJYYTNRbFFzTjBONFEyTW5KWFoySURheWh6YUhOa1U1TVVOc2RqWnZWM2FYMVdPTHQyYUpKamEwbDFkM0kyVTBkekxyMEVNR1JIZHJ4MGJHaGtjV2gwUnk1R1pwaFdPTWQwWjNvM2NWVm1kNkZIZTNKMVVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.davincikids.tv/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Da-Vinci-Primary-Logo-RGB.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Da Vinci
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhHZXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUnVKV2R3UkVSTVpGZW5SVk5FSm1UMUJYTlRsMU5OVlVkeVJsVE1KblM1ZEdNRHQwTm10bVoxbFZWTGRYZFRWak1TSnpRbjFrVVM5RWNZWkhac1IyWXdNbGJ4SUhlQ1ozUnhGWFF4bERhMEFIZTNjMEtuWjFjWGhHYnpwbFl1Um5jdHRVYzFabk15bzNWR1prZExGWFJIaG5Zc2hIZFVwVldPbEdWeUpUTTFoelpFcFVUMjQyTHRaMmF2QWxkQnhXV2lwMWFLbEVjRnBVUktaWGFuNUdaQmxrTTJnMk52UjJiNXBVYzFGVVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRb0XBwp49K3GZ6DfRvKhle6OWogG_TR1nyyw&usqp=CAU" group-title="English Movie Channel", Usa WWE
http://?b3BtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVpzcFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTNFJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUnJKemRheDBaMVFXVnRSa2NRaFdRekkzZFZWbVFEOXljT05sVTEwRVc1OVVNaFprUlpCSFduTmpkUEoyWkx4MlJCcGtVdE5sZTRWMWFwaFdWd0ExVmtSVGVzTlZOeEozWXdwRWN0TlhNWkYzTnJnVFN6MUVhemtGVEtkVk80VkRUaFYzYTFkbmMwRVhkeDBrYUpOV1FsSjFMdFZVTUVCekx4NDJiaU5GT09wSGFGUlVVeE1FVnp0a05yWTJaSmhHVllSbk53b2xjNGtGVDNSSGEwOUdUNWh6S3g5R1UzRkhNTmRtYlhwV2IzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.logosvgpng.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/hdl-automation-logo-vector.png" group-title="Informative Channel", HDL HD
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib2xYYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhtZHJkVFFzRkhTelJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUnpoamF5TkhjMVUyU29sMFVUWm5OeUlYWkxWVmVqTm5kVUpWYTRnMFIwZERkckFUU05GM1VFUm5WME1WZDRsamRoUkhjb1pEWk9GMGR1ZDNZaFpWUzFRM2F0cEhaUWxEVDNoVmUybFRWeGdITTZWa1psTjBjWlpIY0tGa1R3cFVicWxqY0NKbllyRWtSVjkyY2lSVWQwTW5VeEZXTzVJWFo2cEhiT2xVYm9WamQya2xNaUowZDZKbE5yTm5UMjhHVHhCM1RxaEViSFJXUzBsVk9vUjFaWDVVWXFOblFvaEZlQkpWYTNkMWNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/AXN_WHITE.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Axn White
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwVmJVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVpycFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUmlaVWMyRUhNQ1psUnRObVZCQkRUNUFIVHhaM01hVjFaUmxuZDBrM2NyZFRRVnAzS3JSbk5OQnpRVlowYjNZM1R3Y25NeGxFZEZSMFpzVlhWNU56VW5aVGFyTmxNUUpWVnJOMFZvTkdlcmRHVzNvWFpFbDBkRnBGVkJGWGN2TjBhdXBIZEJKWE16VVVXMThFYzFkVVJrQm5lbloyWjVrelZOcFdWREZFVzVOMGF4WjFNa05XWTVaWFdyZ0VOWHBHVVNKRk1DUlRkVjlHVTJkR1dxbERaUGxWZXBsSFJyZ21SNWdVZW1aRVZCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/ca/Spike_logo_2015.svg/1280px-Spike_logo_2015.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Spike
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwMWNVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISldkaFJIV0ZkbVp4cFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTNVJqUjJVWE8za1dVNGdEUnkxMlpXZFVlSmxVVTJWWGNPbEhhcUpuU01GVE40eG1jSk5GWndCVGVxSlZRYWwwTlZsR09CeDBRV0IxWkhsV09PaEZjeXhtY1N0a1E1Qm5NbkptUk1GbmExcFZkNGRWVXVwRmFyYzJibWgyTlROV1d2UlZlR2wzUjRsa1puTm5ZNW8wZHRwR2NLVlVTTlJXYVRaRmFESjJUd2RGYzBabmRyTW5id1oyTFlSRmJUWmxXMkVtVnJKa05sSjNhcVZYVGtOell6d1dhcXgwYmlkR2J2WkhSbXAyS3hFSE8wSURPT1J6ZHVsMEwzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1057133_ico.png?ts=1613154464" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Akash Aath
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwbGNVSjBZSEoyYnBsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISjJkaFJIV0ZkbVpycFZhWUYzUXN4bWFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTMVJqUjJVWE8zc1dVNGdEUmFORWIxSnpOTFpYU3loVlQ1OWlVRnBtYVpsR2NTZERiUmwxYTRrRU9yUkZhWVZGYWFSSFYyWWpXVkZYZVVWbGN4SkVWemRVTXRSV1N4Z1hPV2gwTjVJRWJwcGtWVGRWY3ZGR09WWldOV3BuVW5KMVF4c0VhSEoxUjNOM2E2QkhXTWxGWmFKWFpya25Xa04yYmxoeloxUm1WMlZqUTVObVozQUhkUzFrTnprbGJ4OWlTeVVEZTFGRmM2NTJhanAzVUhObldKSlZhNmQzVmhwbVZ0aFZNeGtXVkVwSFJUOUNVUXRVZURoVWFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/df/REN_TV_logo_2017.svg/1200px-REN_TV_logo_2017.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Ren Tv
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYjZsa01FZDBib2RXYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVpzcFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUlhCVGNqOVNiQ3AxYXVkelVDWm5XR3gyYzRWa05EMVVjSXRXTmE5bWQxcDJkMW8zYkJCM1lOMVVWaVJGYnJJWE9KZGtXNTFVWnNGemRqSm5kSlZIVDBkVmMxa1hjM00xUjA5MGJ6bzFZS2gyVXZZVE9HcDBiU1ZrYnJWMk14OUVVMWNFZXJzR1p0NUdTSHBWZFM5V1d4eDJMNjVXUlFSRFp4MVdXbkJIU3ZWRGVpRmxVWE5WYjRwR2F3MTJZNGRYVzFZa2RzaEZhRWhuWVdwM0tuWlZWd0ZHYXlObldFZDFkV2xsZFV4MGQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://anonymania.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/matchtv.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Match Sports
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwVmJVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUkxoWGVKWkhkbWxHU3JkbE5oTmpUNWszZHUxMlpRUjJjdE5uYzJOM2Q0QlhSdk1EZFJaM1pqMWtUekkwYUZaMGJSdG1jNnAxUlpaMGJMcDNkTWxXWnlkVGQwY2tRdXBXUTVCRk01aEhOc2wyVFVSalIxUkdiWjVrYWtGVU56bFVUSWQwYmh4bVUwODJUM3RTYVJKM1UwcDJZeFJHTlRaemJrVm5lM1JuYzVBVGUxMFdWa2xrV3ZGVGF2SXpZaFJITVp0Q1JzOUdlMUltTVBkblIwVlZiclFXYXpFWE5WUlVSbUZsZXJ0MFUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.searchpng.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Star-Sports-Logo-PNG-Image-200x200.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5OEdWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISkdlaFJIV0ZkbVp6cFZhWUYzUXNsbmFVTjNSaGgyYXJkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUlRaVWJ3aDNZM1lGTnBkVlp3TmthRnRHT25aRU1GSkZldUoxUXlvMU53cGxjeFVHT3I5V1ZQMW1ZdTlHZU1Oa1U2QlZUcFJYYUJGWGRCZG1aUlZEYTIwRWNpWlZRMUJUVHc1MEsxRnpMR2hXTTFOVWIwRWtkbjVtYjFRSFQxUm5Zc1JUY09KWE9COW1RSmRsYXc5VWVWaDNWeDltV0U1bWQ2UlhZamhXYUZsMGFDUlVPMDl5WXlKWGJqNTJWcWxtVjVBVmFMbGphMVEyTkdoMUtzVkVhRlJ6S3FoR1J3c21jSHgwYXdsMmIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/tvfanon6528/images/e/ef/Sony_Sci-Fi_%282019-.n.v.%29.png/revision/latest?cb=20190821223256" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony Sci-Fi
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5Z0hWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNobmFVTjNSaGhXY3JkVFFzRkhTMVJqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUjZSa2RJVmxWWUpsWjRaME5wcDBUdlFIT1pSR05weDJiVE5FZXprR1p1VkhSQ3QyWlpwMmFUaG5aRlIzZG9kMFFEQjFVMXhFZVdwMVJoMVdleHhVVHRWMGIzUm1UUjFtVjF4bWVtbG5VNnRXYU5wM1lNRnpadlVuY3dCalQyWjJicmMyYnd3V2IzaDJUc1JXZTE0bVJNWnpMMjkyWUdOVGRQaDJSelpuYlVSV2VhMVVjRmQwYjVWVFZPeFdWcmNYY1ZWVmVRcDBiU0JEVHZCbmF6TlRNMG9sV0M5V1l5QkZkNTkwYTZGRlczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/Viasat_Nature_Logo.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat Nature
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5b0dWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISldiaFJIV0ZkbVp4cFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8zQVhVNGdEUlhOV2RMcFhhWU56Y3Q1RVR3UVVhTWwzUTFjSE9obDBkdmdrWkxWRlJ3OWtRd2hVYXlRM2JEVkVXNkptYjVvMlkwVW1WbkZqWmE5bVdZcEdTbDVHVTBvV2QyZ0RXeWdYVnZWR2JsMUdNUVJIZTA4V2JtUmtjcDkyVnNKVllvRkdjMjlXWTAxbVV0SlVUSlpEYnhjWE91MTJhbjEyUkZWMlFHbFdXU3BFVjZaemNhbEhiUGhGVHpGVVJUOVVkbGxYYUlGWGRhZEZiM01GY1ZWVWNyMVVNdWRWWkVkbWUzTUVaUlJWYVpGRVRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/Viasat_Explore.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat Explore
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwbGFVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib3BXYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNwbmFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTMFJqUjJVWE8zY1dVNGdEUm1wR2UxOW1NMlVHYXRsbmN2azFNR1ZIZVlOalJ3bDJjQkZ6VklCelJyeDJUd2ttY3JaWFlXUjBMMEJIY3BSWGJEeEdVcTkwTUpWMUxORkhORWhtV1cxbWJqMVVkM2NsVXI5RU9wMW1icjVHZVJWVlRtWnpiR0ZFYnJ4V1V0SlhVTVpXTmlaM0xySldVMEZGZFFSM1NHMWtSNmRsVk1aa1lsUkhTVUIzWmFkVmJ5TjJjWFpUUXJSemQ0czBkUnhtZG5SV1E0RVhjNnBrTXowRWM0eGtSNWNsVXJrV1NxbEZNWTlVY3l0eVZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/Viasat_History_Logo.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat History
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISm1haFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNobWFVTjNSaGhtY3JkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUkJSa2NKTjBVbmRtVHloVVFGSlhPcmdtUzNsRVI1UlRjRXRTWUhOR1IyVlRSczl5WmFwM1ZObEZlM2xqYWlobFFaUkRhcFpXV3ZZV2RtSm5UNmhFT3lZR2I2bEZWR2RsTTFGMWJyZ0hhd29XT3lVRWUxOEVkc2xET3lvVk9vRm1VazUwYTRNSGFCcEZWbGhIY2psVVF2aFZZdHRrVU85RU1FTm5ZNVEwVTFBVmQ0RXpNdFpFUnV0U1Z4Z2xUcXQyUTRZaldFVlRjcEJUUnhzRU55bG5WMGNrU3FsV1NEVlVibVYzYnlSSGQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://s4.gifyu.com/images/imagea02f4314e761661d.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ekattor Tv
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwVmJVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBibzVXYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTM1JqUjJVWE8zUVhVNGdEUnBCMWNyUVdXajkyTnZSa1NzZGxTTTFHYnNWMmR0NW1kWGxVTnNoalV1aFhTdnAzTGlOWGN1aGxZaVZqYW5WVVd0ZEVPcmRWYm1aVVNUbG1jdHgwTWxabWUyc1VlM2hGYXFaSGRFcDFSUEpuY0lKbVNUZFVkdmMxUlVkRlc0cGtVdWhsTjRZWGJ1bEhhbHRTZXh3V1Fyc1djc3QyYnFWME02cG1VTmh6UlF0bWFWaFRhNGNtYnZsMFlYOVVVdmgyVFhabVZEdGlhUDlXZTF4R1Y1TmpTcU5UTUlKWFIxSTJTaFpYYjRaMlRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b9/Sony_Channel_Logo.png/300px-Sony_Channel_Logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony TV International
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwMWFVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib05YYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNabmFVTjNSaGhtYXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zb1hVNGdEUkk5aWU0OTJiQ2wyTDZWa1NUdG1kRmhIV25obVpQcEZiek0zS3N4R2M2ZFZOeFZWVjZablFTdDJTWUZIYUdObVYwaERiNmxIVlExMlJTSkhad1ZWZDNwWGRTbFRPUzUwYnpWRFV3dDJUekIzTDBwMlVtZEZlWGgwUU5KMWMzWm5aTmRVWTFCWFp4c0diS0ptZHk5aU1WSmxWM0p6VHJVa05MbEdNWGwwYmg1R2R3bFVNWDlTVXBKV1NtdENNNEEzWUhwV2RxVmtiRDlrU1ZkbFY1OVdkdjBHU3NCbldGOWlTcmNVY3I4eU5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha SD
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBib2hYYkpWbVRISm1laFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNObmFVTjNSaGhXYnJkVFFzRkhTelJqUjJVWE8za1hVNGdEUllwRmFraG1NcWhUUzR0VWRseFdiVTFHUzJFbFpSeDJaalJHVU90V1Z5WnpkWWxYY0lwV09IdEdWR1pHYXZsSFJsdHlhNkoyS0c1R2RYOTJOWjFtV0VoRGNKaFVjWVZGU3pGak1VQmxhT3BYYU9SblVVcEdkemxsVlUxa2RyWlRNTmxtUWl0bVk2WlhNSDFXYnZWbVZpQm5TdGRETkhSRWM1OUdWRGhrWXZkMGR3QnpSWUZVUnU1V1VaQnpMM2gyU2xaMk5reGtkalZHTVNaR2U1TjNMTlZGY3JRWFF3Z1hOMVFsYzBVM1JuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwVmFVSjBZSEoyYnpsa01FZDBib0pYYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVoxcFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhXZXJkVFFzRkhTdlJqUjJVWE8zVVhVNGdEUjNKVWVEVlhORk5uVTRaM1JSVnpVSGxIZUZWekxZTkhja2RtY3Zva1NuRlZNV3gyY2w1V1NpUlhPNlJuYjFRV1N0Qm5TemRUUkpwbmRVQlhWVkIzWUc5V2IwMFdTaGhFYjJsVE9pVkhicnhtYkJwRmUySm5hT1ZsVzI4bWMwcEVUdmxHVkJ0MmFoQlZjaU4zYXl0aU1WNWtjc0oyVnJvSGROQkhUVTlrVlNoMGQ1VjFMUFYwVHpGVlVNVlVRRnRtWjFRVFV2STFiUE5uV09ORFJxWnpUQ2hEWktObmFMRkVUSVprY1NObWEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla HD
http://?dHBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwbGJVSjBZSEoyYjVsa01FZDBib2xXYkpWbVRISldlaFJIV0ZkbVp5cFZhWUYzUXNsbmFVTjNSaGhHZHJkVFFzRkhTb1JqUjJVWE8zVVhVNGdEUnNoVWROSlVTSnAzUTN0MFNNZFZVTHBtTTJKRlVZMUdhelprZTBKSGJ4UmtVUGgzTUZkM2R0bHpZc1Z6Y1VKSGRPeG1TekZFVTFnVVM2SkhORVoyY21aSGRIbGtSbWRuWTRkMWQ1RURXcEpIZXhSalVhTkRjMjFrVTBnalp3dEVOQkJGV0h4bWV5Y1Riek56Ymk5a2FwUkZlMVZIVVl0bWNKZFdZeUpFZUpKWGJPOUVNdk5EVjVoRVJYcDJNa2wzWW5wbVF2SlhjNWRrUlFsaloxbDNSNVUwZHhoSGJ4TUZiQ1oxYWlaMlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/30/Eurosport_2_Logo.svg/1200px-Eurosport_2_Logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Euro Sports 2
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5d0dWWEZGVVBwVmRVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISjJiaFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhXZXJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUlNWRGRrRlViNGdHYXhWblRubHpZQ2gzZDFFblN3TldlMlUyVVBSM1F2UlVNRlJETzEwR1J5SjFjdEprYnlzMFYwa0Rld04wTTBFelJ3cG1kVTEyVEhGbGUwTUhiMjUwUTNoVVNCOUdWeThXTWpGRGEySm1hWEZsUTVSVGIxaFVkM2cxYlNCWGR5aDJWVGhVZDVBWFVOSkRNeUZuZW9wa1FIUm5aWlJHU1N0aWR0OUdNbE5FTXJObk5aaFdidnBYTkNKMGFZeDBjcWhUV2xwVlIyWjFNaWQxYzRrSFJhbFhRSWxtZVI5V1ozMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv HD
http://?NnBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYnZsa01FZDBib3RXYkpWbVRISldjaFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXNWbmFVTjNSaGgyYXJkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8zY1hVNGdEUnVWMmRtNTJkdUpWTnJabk1UUjJhMHdHY0RSbldMZEdkWE5rTnlaak4zMUdlUGhWTW81V2NuVjJRdFZXYTNOelpTTm1ab3BWZDZaR2JGQm5lb2RUYkp0U2NLSm5NaUZrWjNwbVJHNUdNMWRHY0g5eVl2b25jelUwVFFWVVZuQm5iQ1ptTWg5bWI0a1dheWh6ZE9KMktQdG1iMUpYTUM5VWUwVW5kMGRuV0V0Q2FwRjNTSFYzUTNObVV0ZERjcjVHV3haMVUzRkZlbE4wTTJnbWR2aDNMRmRWTUlwblR5WWxka0J6ZDJvR2RuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max
http://?MHBtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwMVpVSjBZSEoyYjNsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISjJjaFJIV0ZkbVp1cFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhHYnJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUjZSbmRVTldheVExZHhWVE1qTkdSc2hIY29aM2FFRkhjSU5XVHdKbFpzZG5jNFJEVjRGM1JRWkVWQkprZUp4ME1JZDJieWxrU1ZablY1SkhSYWR6U0pwbWJEVmxjdXBuYzZKMExCSkVjMGNtYXhsVVd2RlhhNEVUUXF4R1NxTjJURGxGZFhCM1ZsaG1TbTlFY3ROak41azFMMWhUVFp4MEt6Rm5WdGgzZFd0aWJGaERkT2xVZDRSblVVQlhiVHBuVUVwME0xZ21haTlHU2xKSGQ2SmphUlIwTUlwSGJ2MG1aMFlFYTBWalduMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Mxm77nQ.png" group-title="International News Channel", Al Jazeera
http://?bnBtUWw5U1p5WUhWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib0ZYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhXYXJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zNFdVNGdEUjVZemEwTVZPaU5ETzRsVE52SlZPT1puZHZSalQyVW1ld3dtUTBNSGIwbFdhRmgyS3BWWE5FUjFhVjlFZDFKMlRXNUdkNnRpZGhsSGRJNUdjUmxYU3lJR2FQZEdkdDlXYTBkek1PUmpNT1pIT3lvR2QxOWtid0lITUJwSGV4VkdkM1VsV25kR2FUSmxRNWRYZGtWelpFUmxaM05tTW9sMlNyeFdjamRGV3h0a2RHVlRWazFtVHRKVFo1cEVaSDFtWUlGblN6Z25iYWhIZEVoRWQ2aGxObDlVU1BkblZwaDJWb2RWYUV0a1ZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Animal_Planet_channel_logo_green.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Animal Planet
http://?MnBtUWw5U1p5a0dWWEZGVVBwRmFVSjBZSEoyYjBsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVozcFZhWUYzUXM5bWFVTjNSaGhHZXJkVFFzRkhTMVJqUjJVWE8zSVhVNGdEUnpJMWR3OTBjYTVrUzZsWFpIOVNPRWQyYjFrVmRpOVdlc2xGVTFSbmJxZEdXc2hsU3pOM1RxdENVVEYwZHZCSGRKWnpVMkYyVjNGMlEwdEdOTlJGZTVGRGN5MDJWSkJWVHZOVFUxbEVkUEZuY3JwM053TjBhNGxFU0dsRE02dFdiWEZFWlpGM1I0VVdXcVJVZHdFR1V1OUVObkJ6ZDAwV1oyZ1dSQnhHVG5SMGQ0Y25iUVIyUzFGRFdtQjNONVFIYzBoak5KTkVjSEpFU09sMEszZFRiSGRrVFdCM1k2aEZVaUJ6YTBZbFYzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722355_ico.png?ts=1613154340" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", ABP Ananda
http://?eXBtUWw5U1p5b0hWWEZGVVBwRmNVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib2hXYkpWbVRISkdhaFJIV0ZkbVoycFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGhtYnJkVFFzRkhTdFJqUjJVWE8za1dVNGdEUktOSGNEWlZXbUZEZXlsMGJWRkVVNFIzTVVwMGJoTldjeVFuVEw1R1R1WlZVd04yYmtaWGRadDJZYWhqZTVSMWFzQkROMmxHZUJwVlFKVkhkU0J6YjBNbmJTZEdVUVoxTXVOMUtERjFUNmhHWkhOVGV6OG1hWU5tUk81MGNwbERaMUJIYjFjblFTZFhiUzlHYjRralJxVm5hdWRtVklCemQydEdPR1pGT3dOSGI0b25ZMzRFVTNwVldxaHpjdE5YY2l4a1RpcEVlbGQxYlJGa1Q0TjFUaWhYWU5OWFluVkVXMDlpYlAxR2JCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-X0463VRpcpM/WEaaUATDuNI/AAAAAAAAFhw/UYHQuv64BGUhu6dcIerrb2HT7QbmKuQuwCLcB/s1600/asian-tv.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Asian TV
http://?d3BtUWw5U1p5QUhWWEZGVVBwbGRVSjBZSEoyYnFsa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNkbmFVTjNSaGhHYXJkVFFzRkhTd1JqUjJVWE8za1dVNGdEUnk0VWJIaDFNemgzVXQ1R05XSmxTWjFXVW0xbVdVcEVhTFJWTnlWVk5wTm1WazlpU090MmN5cDBMemRIYng5MmRIUjBkM3gwS0dsbGUzWW5RanRFT0NWR2VXQm5hSVoyTHBaRGQzWVdNMEluV3lSMUxvWjJaMUJETnFORlo1aHpRUUZYVkI1MmIwcEhaekIxZHpWRWI1VVhkc3BIU0VKSFJWNW1lYWRETTBFRWJTUmxjRFpsYnRGVlFXSkZhMU5YTlhwbFRtRjFhYU5rVFVaWGU0bFhhV1ZuVTBzMk15MFdUMGdIZTR4MFVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/37/AXN_Logo.PNG" group-title="English Movie Channel", AXN
http://?dXBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwRmJVSjBZSEoyYm5sa01FZDBib2RYYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXNKbmFVTjNSaGgyWnJkVFFzRkhTc1JqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUk5wM2NtcGtWeUFsVTQ5RVZvSlZWQ3RXWTRSWGVMZGxlcklXY2pkSE80cEZVd2NsYVBCbmN5WURVTXQyYWFCM05DRlhRdmwwWlJkelZ2RkhPRFJ6TmwxMGIxUkhWQjFFVXpaRk1rUjFMVjltWTJsV1VLOUdkczkwTnJKSE10eEVibnBGTlM1bVVCRm1ORE5tYzBCblRrZERhenRrWlpKMks0ZDNRTVJGU2toVWJhcEZkbWgyVXJGa1FDSjFOUGRuY0hWMWN2bDJkblJXVmFwM1k0UkZOaGxITVdwR1p4WlhhUXgyZDRaSGNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/B/b4u-music-logo-12FA930444-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", B4U Music
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib1pYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNkbWFVTjNSaGgyY3JkVFFzRkhTclJqUjJVWE8zWVhVNGdEUjJsRGQ1QTNNMUVtYXc5VVlYSnpha3BXT1JaMmJUZFhjbGQxYWtOVWNvVmpSMU1ITU1OSGJJWkRNb3hXYXVCblNtRkRUNWxrZXRsMVFNaDJUQmhXYnZORmQ2OVdPMmd6YzNGVlVRWldhTGRXUkNsWFF2ZGpkMFpqTXdBbk41eDBORlJIWjVGbldEUjJaTWhGY2s5R1RreDJkb1JqVXBWVk1YSm5RV2xtUlBaSGUyUUhaSWhuYnBOM1Z2Tm5hT2htYVJwWFlyTkdkcXhrWU5wMk1xeGtZRXRtVFJkM2NTUkdWVlJrY0hOR1duMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/Banglavision.PNG" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Vision
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5Y0dWWEZGVVBwMWRVSjBZSEoyYnhsa01FZDBibzlXYkpWbVRISkdiaFJIV0ZkbVo2cFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGgyYnJkVFFzRkhTMlJqUjJVWE8zZ1dVNGdEUlVkVWVITlZlNWxWVXhWR05uWkdibWgzYUR0VVMwRldlMTFtWndaVlp5MUVkVGRuTnp3MlFKSkhXVmRWYzVJMExUeDJWcUYzVUtkblVTZFhTT2RGT0RCVGNWRjFkR3AyYnFoWGVYRkRjcGQyTEZoRGF6bFRjSFZEUktkVlEwVmpWVnBtVVhwWFNGdFdkNThXYXRsVVZreDJLclZET3lSVlpsWlhiaE4wYXlkV2EyMEdNeFZ6Y3ExR1pLZDJaRlJYTkxkRVN4b0dlWjEwWlI5R053ZG5Ub2QyWU05MmJUcEVhVGxXZUxoVGNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UxBVq6Z.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC News
http://?cXBtUWw5U1p5RUhWWEZGVVBwbGVVSjBZSEoyYnJsa01FZDBib1ZYYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNsbWFVTjNSaGgyZHJkVFFzRkhTblJqUjJVWE8zZ1hVNGdEUktKM2JRZHpMbU5WU3JWMkwyOFdWYVozZDNFaldYbDNacklFVkQxR01vUkZUd0pYWms5MllYdG1WRTlrYTRSRFo0b0ZSbnBFVjBvbVV4cDJZRWhXVjNSMWN2WVRhbzVrWW4xME51WkdWa1JIYTNkV2IxOXliNnBuWnI0VWM1VlhhczVXVzI5MlU0bDBkWFJVZDVzeWMwbGtlMDltWXlwMFJNaFdPUXBVUWpsR2VsaEVleU1IV3Yxa1ZzWm1kRUpYVk9WelRQOVVhRFpXWlROR2V1UjBZeWtqUW81bU01RVRjQzFHZUp4bWJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0d/True_Sport_Logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", True Sports 1 Premire
http://?MXBtUWw5U1p5TUhWWEZGVVBwRmRVSjBZSEoyYjJsa01FZDBib3BXYkpWbVRISjJhaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNGbmFVTjNSaGhXZXJkVFFzRkhTcVJqUjJVWE8za1dVNGdEUlNwR2VESm5lWEYxU3JkR2VRZGxUMVZYTnlBMWMzeFVlVGRYV3Y5eWExZDJSdkJuTU1kR1N3Z3paV2xuY2xOM2F3MWtad2xUZFVwblMyQkhlVGRrYjZoVWQxVWxRdjhTWXRwbk4yWUVaRDUyWmFWVFdRWm5jMHRVUXZaVVc2bEhWMXdrTXk1bVpvbGtkMGxUY0xoVllIRlZVbzkwTDBRM2JhQlhjSGRYVDQxR2FIWkROWmQzUzZWbE5oVlZTV3BYTjJCRlV0OTJkU1ZsUlZSRlZvTm1XNEJsVDBjbVppdHljdklrZE5oWFdSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/198-1985267_bbc-two-square-less-logo-bbc-2-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC Two
http://?NHBtUWw5U1p5VUhWWEZGVVBwMWJVSjBZSEoyYnNsa01FZDBib0JYYkpWbVRISjJaaFJIV0ZkbVp2cFZhWUYzUXNSbmFVTjNSaGgyYXJkVFFzRkhTcFJqUjJVWE8zb1dVNGdEUjRaRGN4VWpidWRsTnJWbGRXcEVhTkZuZTJCWFQyWkhicmhVUXZ0eUt5OTJaSUptZWtGWFFhbDJNM2xGZTQxR2FHUlVib2RuZUZkWE10ZDNUU1IzVDBjR2RJOVVNeWdUVXRSMU12WldNVGRXUlRwVllISm1iWVpXTXNGVmUxTm1OemdWVlpkMmQzWkVPdWRYYVdsRlJISjJhMkJEZHVOMGNMeEdieVJIT01kemNXZFRUQ2wxU3daM013UmxjS3RHZE5wR2N3ZFRkR2R6VkJsMk5wbFhTSjlFUzQ4V09pSkZNMk1WY3JsM0xSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.channelionline.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/janwar-trailer.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Janowar
http://?cnBtUWw5U1p5c0dWWEZGVVBwRmVVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib1JYYkpWbVRISm1iaFJIV0ZkbVowcFZhWUYzUXN4Mlp5SW5XTjEwYk5wV1FDRlZRM1ZITnpFelZ5eDJac0pFWmlSamNSTldRSmwyZDFsamEwSldPS3BXYURoVGRXVmxhblpXWlZkR1J3dGlZbkpEVDNwbVVZUkRNUlpUYzJJV1V6QmxRc0IxVDRZamRxeFdTaWQwTElCRmVVUkdTa0Z6WXlWamJDMTJkMHNXUldKVFFwUlZkblJGUnk4bVE2TjNSQzEyTjVZM2JDNW1kSkZGYkM5aVFhaGtieFJqY0NaRFQzZ1dlTTVFYzVzU2EyY3pja04yYjYxa054RVVkaFJuTTJVVVptVmpkdmQyUndnbFVvdDJRRVJIZEd4MlNNZHpjeVpUYjZObE0zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQGO17UHMfhKLG9wG0z3jUjm0_rCzyhhqn4Vg&usqp=CAU" group-title="Bangla Movies", Troll
http://?NXBtUWw5U1p5MEdWWEZGVVBwMWJVSjBZSEoyYnVsa01FZDBib3BXYkpWbVRISm1kaFJIV0ZkbVo1cFZhWUYzUXNKM1p5SW5XTjFrYk5wV1FDRlZRb1ZITnpFelZ5ZDNac0pFWlhSRmR6OVVXaE5YUTNoelk2VkZjeVEzTlI5V2E0VWphWFZXTkJsRmIxTjBjc05HVTZabmNMcDFZWjlXYVVoVk5UaEdheFpYWmtWVU5HaG1TSnhFVzNFMGRSdHlaVFZtZDU5aWR3SmtSamxITU1sMGRVWlVlUVZEWlRkVVl2RmtWQ3hrTVNobmR6a1VXMGdXYnd0U1N4WW5NeEpWYUN4R1VvRlhTNXBHU1Y5MFpMUnpTRVZrZXQxR014Z2xZT1puTmp4RU93VkdiNVkyTXg0VVdwZG1jQ05HZHo1R1d2VmtUNWtsZHpBWGNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GbQuvWG.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Kuriakos Cine
http://?PXNtYjBJbWJrTm5lQ2htYnc1MlVzVkZWeWhUVXVCSFZzaDJTamhUZFhGR1pFVkVkNEpIV3hRalozOTJTUk5qTWhOMGN6SlhOS1psUnFKWGF4TlZVbVYzUkJWbk54bEVkQnBtYldsVWVzZFZkNFYxY0pSWFd0TmxiMU1WYXBkVVVWMTBWc3BVT0tkWE9TeG1RSnRDYUpaSGF0MTBaR05tWXVSbGFUUlVOMEpYWVFkRVp6Sm5lNVkyY2xKWE40NWtSbWQwTmloV1FRTjFVeHQwYjMwRU1DVmtkNGxrVHk0R2FUdFdlRmhYYXBGamRPSkhadDkwUjBGM0x6WnpUeWRIYmg1a040SW5ka2xHU205aVJvZFdidkZXVHY1R1U0UVdhMXMyZEdKVU9XOVdi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tfc2BYM.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Kuriakos Kids
http://?PTBtYjBJbWJrTlhkQ2htYnc1MlU0VkZWeWhUVXVkR1ZzaEdSMGhqZUNwMlNUZGtlemhGTVBoWFZuQkhVRkozVURsV2FYZEVTNWwwTjJaell3bEdNS04zYXdZRk50TkdiMHdXUVJGbld5Um1Nc3RrVnJCWFNSRmplM2RqYnFwVWQyRm5hbzkwWUVObGFYaDJWaVJFVERaSGUxTjNTMk1tWTBka1p2ZEZjajlHUnYxMlJ3Z25lUHhFVExSbWFwOVNWUUZtYzNkMkw1YzNTUTVrY3psVlZzSjFRek4wZDJaMFRRaEhNVlZHVFBsMGJ2WTNhdUpqZXFOV1ZaWmxSbWRtUk8xa1QzZ0VlcjhDUnprRWE0OTJiM1JWVTFkSE5JRkhlSmxGZFhOalJQbFVa
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/q6K4S0N.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kuriakos Music
http://?MjVHTmk1R1p6MW1RbzVHY3VORmJWUmxjNEVsYjZSRmJvdGtVME0zWjFSVFF5czBheDRtYVRsVlYwOW1ZVDlrYW5WWGN3SlVkV3AyWkNSemFOTlZacUJqVXBkbGF3RkhOckZYTXhramF4OUNkclFYYXpWMWRYcFhaTzltY1NwbGJ4a0ViQkZ6VTZKbWIxZFZNelJUVlJkWGMwVURTd0JGZHdBVGVURjBZczFXWnBWV1ZWcEhjNDVrVFBabGV4eDJVNUpITXRKWFZEVmtOM3dHWkVoR05qQkhlUjVXWnNaM0xzVkZaQ2hVVEpKWGFGTjBLUjFXYXo0VWFReFVjeTFXTVZobk12cEdTTlJsUXFkR2IzUlRWMzgwWXdSV1F5RTBSSngyYXhVVU41UWtheXRXVEk1V1cwMWtOaUpHZUZsSE9FRm5kbjFXYlZwMmMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722391_ico.png?ts=1613156123" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Ekhon Kolkata
http://?MlpuYzNWamRRMTJWRTlDU1ZSWGJ2WmxWclFrWjBGVE9aOVVNbkZIY0VGM0xaZDFiMDRFT0pkMmFuWlhZeGtqY09wbmRCSkhlVVpqZG9WVmF2RWtUMFJqUklsM1ZvUkhkVXBVVnlOamNvRlZXNGdFZHJObE0xZzNTcjFtTnpKbVpZbFhlVWxsTldWMVJwbEZXaTkyS0hSSFUzbzNWemsxY3g5MFVZOVdkc1ZuUk5aWFJTWjNZMWRVYnZSVGEyY25RdWhXVDBSMWNwWkROVVpYTktCblRhZDNieWdYZFFKWFpzWm5NaEZGWlAxV1FEbG1VbUYyYm10U1NPOWlNNjFVWk1oMmRXbDJNamx6WTBJSGEwSWtUV3R5SzJOR1NhUm1lMW9YZHpvWGNMUm5kd3RHU0R0VVF3bFZZVEZXTjJvV1c1WUhjejgyZDBFSFJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Prime Canada TV
http://?cTVrVE1KVE16Qkhicm9YWmkxMGFXcFZUSmh6TDNOVVNSSkRURUozUlNkMVl4UlhlMkkyVFlSMkt5NUVXM2tXZVJsMmRtcGxOd2QwYVFWbWRZNVdRNWwxUTNKR09DaEhlWVpqYjU0V2NtcG5OWEpFUnhaRlZvaG5jYTVHWnROelZqUm5iMkUyWTVzVU5vWkRkM3NTZUlkbVdKWlRWek5UYzE1bU1EZEhUeWhVVHhKR096a1daajkyU2FKV2QyUUdkMGhEU3lOSGNURkVjMmdtYnc5Q1ducEdielFrVTVoSFNuaFhhMGdqWVU1bWRGVm1WaVpUZXZNMVNxTkhkNGhsZHdsVGJKOW1SMUZuVVVKVWFDRkdjaXhFTTN4a1VCVjJUaWQyZHl4RVJDcGxlNDhtV3ZVWGExaEVhSEZIYlJOM1FSbEhUMEJGYlY1R2JFUjBZeHBYZHZselpwTkhjUEZGVjNJSGU1bFZPMElWUnVCVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Punjabi Tv
http://?MmgyS1pKa2VtWlhZb1IyVVFkRGQxUVVRaDltZXNWRGVWMVVORFYzYUZwR1pDZDFkczVXZEpWV1o2aEdkcGgzS3FKWE8xRlRlM0VHZTBvbVptRlRSdjFHTW41V1FHaDNaNUpWYXpBamUxQkZldlJsTXE5RWRUcFZhaGRYVHlrbWVxSlhhMWN6UWlKbGFyeEVVcXRTYmk5R09hSkZWc0oxWklsbGF0QmxjbmwzU09kVWVrTlhXd3dtYjJGbGU2WkRTSzkyZHJoVFJ1OVVheTRXZG5OR1dJRlhhNFlUU0I5bVJ3Um5RcnBWY2pOblo1MGtiajltZUZOVmIxcFVUMkpXVkVWelJ6ZFdkcHRrZFFSMlpwRkRldmswVjJSVmN4NTBVNXBIVzZaMU5rVjJiUkZUTnpKMmR0ZFdack5rUjU0R09tWkdaRUZXZWhoMEtSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/U1XFyOx.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Saudi Quran
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6uT41kj.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Saudi Sunnah
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iwQc4dx.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", WEATHER NATION
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð Ð°Ð´Ð¸Ð¾ Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½
http://?MVJGVndRMmF5ZzNUVVpsUXFOMmJZWkdVUWgzUXFsVWJydEdNVEozY25WRWQzcEZkMmdHYjZCWFlySjNaVXhVZWE1V1F5SWtUVjEyZE5wMVRwQlhWclJGWkhWalp4QW5WR1JGVlJaemFzTmxiR2hVUnZaMVpFQjFibjkyY2FWV2FZOUdlUVprYVZkM1V6UkRjeU1qYk1CM1FCMTBheEkzYldkbVIxOGlVdVpUZDBJVWJOQkhPenRTV3RaVWJ5bHpkV2hUTTIxa1lQVldjdlFIVTBObmUzc3lhU2hsVzRSM2R0bG5OaVpVUnNaSFNhSmtjTWRVY3I0a1NVNTBUb2xrVXdFMlNzbEdlR05qTnZGR2UyVkROdmMyTTBWV1EyZ1VVblJYYmx0RVJZRkZhMVVVUVpoV1c0VlRNbk5VZFhoR1NudFNSTlJsY3hvR092VVRReXAxUjVva1JESjNaUFpWVnhVWGJ1WjNjTVp6THJkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://lion-tv.com/uploads/posts/2016-09/1472964269_178.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ð Ð°Ð´Ð¸Ð¾ Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½
http://?cFJGVndRMmF5MDJUVVpsUXFOMmRZWkdVUWgzUXFsVWJydEdNVFozY25WRWQzcEZkMmdHYjZCWFlySjNaVXhVZWE1V1F5SWtUVjFtYU5wMVRwQlhWc1JGWkhWalp4Y21WR1JGVjNFbmVRbEZXM3BXYTZkbFJyUlhjVjFXWnBKRWRDUm1lcjFrVzB3MlVwdDBMcTVrZTJKSGEwSm1kRE5XZHRsVGN5NGticlpHU0Uxa1dZZEdSSkoyVUhGV2I1bEdiclZYVnZKMFZOeEdaWmQzS1VsR2NwSm5hWDlpVjJrR2R0bGtSalZuV0w5bWFtVmpTWVJGZFIxRVZQcFhPeXQyWlZwWGRPbG1Nc2RWZGlaamR2NUVjbVJrVnFSa1VudG1jaTFtUTNVV1ZFOTBiTEpUVjRRSGFvTlVkdTUwVXV0bWV2Y1VNd2hGY2lObWNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Contact
http://?dzlVTU1kRVV0TlhaREZqUjJRRGFaTkdjWHQyYXpoRWJraFhhbHAzVXdSMWFLOUVlT05GYUg5Q1R0UjJaWmhVVkxKSFppNVVUdk5WYWhaWE1zbDBLd3htWndCbmEwVTNTMXRTVTVFSGFQaFVReGRVVnpKRU9yTlhVa2gyUTN0aU1aWjJjM2MzVUJ0aVd3OVViMTFHUnZsbWN1ZEROcE5HYjRCellCZFhZcVJXZHBwV08xb25TUUpWY3lvRWR3NVVSMEZEYnhaV2RYcFhiUmxXZHhoWE1QdHlidjAyUkhwWE8ybEZNcmhHZHZOSE1TSm5XcFZFZU5OMFN4aGpSMkptYld4R09XZFdNemQzYmFobGF5TkRlbk5XY3dKa1lhZDNTVHBuVjNaVllQVjBkRWxtVFdaRmN5cFhaRFYzWllkbVIwRVhiRUZVYlRkM2NuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", VH 1
http://?cFZtU3gwR2RDaDJTeFVEVDBOelpNVm5SVUpEZXNwM1pOaDFTNEVuUm5kV2VGRjJibk5rWXZNa2R0SlRPVkpVVDRjWFN5WmtlMWNHZFNWR1VKZFRVMTlXTlpsRE1VbG5jNjl5TUdsbWFyazFNejlrTjFCamI1STNZeWxuZHZJVlpXZDFibzlFVjJNbk4waFRWVlZEVW05V1ppNUVkVFpEYjJrVGFSTjJSb2h6YXNOVllMRkhXMlFVWnhaVGVVQkRTdkpYY3ZsRFZtSjJMVVYzY1QxR01zbG5hNUFEU1dSVVM0TmxjazVrUmFoWFV1bDNZeEl6YWg5eVlJWldiMTlXU3JCVk5yRTNZcllEU1pwV2V6ZFRPeFYwWjN0eVRCQlhlajVXWno5U1FPNW1jcmxIT1dSbGV5OXliWmxWVnZoV05LQmphVWRWYllWM2JTQnpRc0JEYlY1bWFOUm5Xd1lrWmFKWGVyOUVVUEoxU3pSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", VH1 Italia
http://?M1ZtU3gwR2RDWjNTeFVEVDBOVGFNVm5SVUpEZW9wM1pOaDFTNDRtUm5kV2VGRm1lbk5rWXZNa2R2SlRPVkpVVDRrV1N5WmtlMWNXZVNWR1VKZFRVdzlXTlpsRE1VUm5jNjl5TUdsR2VyazFNejlrTnBCamI1STNZeWRuZHZJVlpXZGxhbzlFVjJNbk41aFRWVlZEVW01V1ppNUVkVFpqZDJrVGFSTjJSdmh6YXNOVllMdEdXMlFVWnhaamFVQkRTdkpYY3BsRFZtSjJMVWgzY1QxR01zbEhiNUFEU1dSVVNwTmxjazVrUmFSWFV1bDNZeEl6Ymg5eVlJWldiMzlXU3JCVk5yVTNZcllEU1pwV2F6ZFRPeFYwWjV0eVRCQlhlanRXWno5U1FPNVdhcmxIT1dSbGUyOXliWmxWVnZGWE5LQmphVWRsY1lWM2JTQnpRNEJEYlY1bWFObG1Xd1lrWmFKbmJyOUVVUEoxUzBSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/VRT_Ketnet_Junior_logo_%282018-%29.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Ketnet Junior
http://?M1ZtU3gwR2RDRjNTeFVEVDBOVGJNVm5SVUpEZXdwM1pOaDFTNGttUm5kV2VGRldjbk5rWXZNa2RxSlRPVkpVVDRrWFNFVlZNdGQwYnAxa2RSWkZhd05EY1RWVlRFcFhWdzhHVHdjRGFDUkRUM3NVWXRselFtOUNjRFJuTmlaaldMTkZhem9WY1hCM1F2TkhiNEkxVjFsbmNRaDFUb1YzYnpJSGFLVmxkcVZETmxwa1d3azJMSFZHT0ROR2NRWlhXMUkwYm5CemIxTXpOdWwzUnBSM0xEbDNac056THhVV2IzSm5TNGhuTVZ0V1FQeEVUM2tsYlJWMGJtcDJkd0pYZXdVR2M0UUhlbWh6TFlsWGV0RmphNEp6UzFoV1V4d1VUMWcyVXJVM052MDBaWnQwYjNkMkx2cG1lcjhpY2tkR1pIVmthMDVHZHhVR2VKUlRZelpUWTRNRFpHUlhTM1VIWmFOR2FNdHlMS1pGYnRCVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iv85GCc.png" group-title="Music Channel", Box Hits UK
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", The Box
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://getlogovector.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/gemkids-logo-vector.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Gem Kids
http://?elZsZFJWRFR3UkhNcmdWTTVZRGExRkhidllIU3NoRk1tOW1RdU5IYlM1RVNwZG1kbFZHTjI0a2V1QjNURUJGVVI1V1FEOWllSmxqYzRKVVVVRnpjengwYTFObVpUSjNUWVZIYUoxR2RrTjNOdnBrZHJKek5XQkZjTUZIUmpSMlQxSVVkQkYwTFhwV001QnpZMTVFVXIxV05RVlVXa1ZFZGhORk1UcFVPM2x6S3dVWFFwOW1lbnRHT1dkbGFZUkRlS0YxTTFWMVowWlVPNWNIYTJWalVMbG1kNXhrUXpkbmM2ZHpLVDltVVdwWFUxSVdia2RFZDRSM1FFVjNWMGRFVXdCSFowaEhjaTlVVlB0aWNRVmpOTjVHVXFGMFlQdEdNRmRXUTRRVFV4c2ljeElETXlkSGJ5ZFhaM1ptVVc1R1RKTm5OT2xuZVdoSFczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://getlogovector.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/gemkids-logo-vector.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Gem Kids
http://?clZsZFJWRFR3OUdNcmdWTTVZVGQxRkhidllIUzRoRk1tOW1RdXhHYlM1RVNwZG1jbFZHTjI0a2V6QjNURUJGVVJ0V1FEOWllSmxUYjRKVVVVRnpjcHgwYTFObVpUcDJUWVZIYUoxbWNrTjNOdnBrZHpKek5XQkZjTXBIUmpSMlQxSWtlQkYwTFhwV00yQnpZMTVFVXJkWE5RVlVXa1YwWmhORk1UcFVPM2x6S3dVWFFwZG1lbnRHT1dkRmJZUkRlS0YxTXlWMVowWlVPNXNHYTJWalVMbFdiNXhrUXpkbmN1ZHpLVDltVVc5V1UxSVdia2QwYTRSM1FFVjNWNWRFVXdCSFowcEdjaTlVVlB0Q2VRVmpOTjVHVW9GMFlQdEdNRk5YUTRRVFV4c2lieElETXlkSGJyZFhaM1ptVVcxR1RKTm5OT2xIY1doSFczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jiajiakt.com/images/global/logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Jiajia Cartoon
http://?d1ZsZFJWRFR3OUdNcmdWTTVZemIxRkhidllIUzBoRk1tOW1RdWhIYlM1RVNwZG1kbFZHTjI0a2V1QjNURUJGVVJCWFFEOWllSmxEZDRKVVVVRnpjNXgwYTFObVpUQjNUWVZIYUoxR2VrTjNOdnBrZHJKek5XQkZjTUJIUmpSMlQxSVViQkYwTFhwV01wQnpZMTVFVXJwV05RVlVXa1YwY2hORk1UcFVPeWx6S3dVWFFwZG5lbnRHT1dkMVpZUkRlS0YxTTJWMVowWlVPNVVIYTJWalVMbDJkNXhrUXpkbmNzZHpLVDltVVdoV1UxSVdia2RFYTRSM1FFVjNWb2RFVXdCSFowZEhjaTlVVlB0eWFRVmpOTjVHVW5GMFlQdEdNRnRXUTRRVFV4c0NieElETXlkSGIwZFhaM1ptVVdoSFRKTm5OT2xIYldoSFczMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa (2)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9xm
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9xM (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mrUAPtg.png" group-title="International News Channel", Khyber News
http://?NmhXUlpGbVRVQkhWd0UyY21SamJrRnpMVHRTYm5kV1ozQnpMMEZuY3lFemF2SlhhbFIzVXl4bU53WjJTVTFtV3RsMlRhNVVPelFUYjBFMFVCTnpLb1ZUYXdRMlI0TlhhNHNDYzFFbGRqWmtSeGMxUnlCak51SkhaNUZIT1RCM1JGOUdlckpqVG0xV1dycFZOeUV6UVlkbmRVdDBaUVJ6Wm1SR2Q0Y1hSNEJEV0xKalVPMVdTTGRWYUhObmFEZEhTd1pYV3BGRFNTUmtjVnhXZVBwRmRDWkhhMjEwY3BGa1E2UjBUeEoyTmhsbVNGTkVWejkwYkdKalE1UjFMMTFHUjFaVk9UaFdSSHRpV3JaSGNTbDBZNEFqVXBSRlJxRkZabjVHU1NwMllvVjJhdFJYZFlkV1VvQnpZTVpXYzJWM1YxTWtWSWxVY3lWSGRSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mncchannels.com/files/logo/1440755188_logo_mnc-karaoke.png" group-title="Music Channel", Karaoke Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/C53XtK5f/zaltv.png" group-title="Music Channel", Karaoke Channel
http://?eWgzY0Y5eWFQSlhSMnhrVWpCRmU1bzJiVVowYjAxMlRZVldScmtHTXc4U1EzbzNhcmhGVE5CSFVxWlRPek0zS3poMlRyTmtVRFptZTExRVdacEVWNGxtYjMwMlVVMUdSM2d6VHZJMWNUOTBkUVJ6YXU5eVVCVkhUWjltUVdKMGRuRkRlSHBIZUNsRU55ZFdRVkYxUUpKM2JIRnpibmhuYkRKbFp3VlhVNk4yTTRnbVM1bFdSaE5sV29WRWIycEhTMWNtWjNoRWFEOVVXd05YWmpkMGNNNTJaMkpFT3N0RVJ4TlZXeUYzUWxsSE14bG5ZMXhrY01wVU12Y2xNeWRuVUZKVFdLMUdUdzhDVUcxMmNXNVdjcUptVnVKMVRZcDNVdGRHZWg1RVYxWVZjTDVFT0dKRFV3ZFdXWkp6WU14R2UyTVVUWWwzZFVoVFdCZG1SemxUUU05U2F2QVhSdll6TVJGMWN1WkdaV2RsU3A5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/ET_NOW_220px.png" group-title="International News Channel", ET Now
http://?MEZFTkRCVlZacDJhUHhtZG9WRWRyVldUR3BXUnJwVVVHTmtRaGxuVXdwWE5WUlVkR2xHYTZSVFJ2ZFZVUmRWT0xaM2IyVnpiNWxrYzNBVFF5SW5adlJET2taemNWZDNUYXRVZU1GbmMwa0ZOUjkwTnB0U1oyWjFRTEJIZWk5V2FIaGpkejEwVFFaVGF5UnpZVzVHWm1kM2FxcDNjNmRWZDBKWFowZ0hNMzlpTnZRelo1b1dOMDhDWnJZSGFsWlZTaFZXYzBaM0x5cG1aQngyYkpkWE4wTVdlanAxTHpBM2F2OTBWTE5qYlRaSGM1WTJTejVXZGtKVVpIVm1XcmgwU0ZCVE5HcEdkQ0YwVXpsRGFKeDJaU2RrYW9aMVR2TmplVUZIWnd0VVVRcFZhMTRVY1lKVU93cEZXRFYzVE1aM01UOTBNV3QwYm9abGVCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/R77S4T4.png" group-title="International News Channel", France 24
http://?NlowUnloak1ERjNUV0owTE9kV2J6a1RVeEp6YXFoRGF2RURTSkpIVlBKMWN4ZFViWUYwVTFOak1wVkVSeWdtYVVWWFFEWkZSNDFrZERoWFFybzNUd3BGYTRKRldXMW1kcGxEUkNKVGJ2UWxTeDlTYW9WRk00NUVUdFJYYnZOV1VPTnphd2xEWnJramQyZFZUMkVEVWxSM1lVaFVWTFprZVN0MGFVOWlXM0IxY3dnR1doMW1RWU5IWkZwMWJMdFdTdGRrV3BSRU4zaEROMmRYUXpORFp5OG1lRmh6VXBsVlZxbG1NMGtYZHI1MmI1Y21SWlZtZXlaalRhcFdSb0prZTR0V1RSZG5heG9GV2t4MmI0UjFjWHBXTTJGelpqOVdURnhHWnZKVFF3NTJhbzlVYzB3a2F2WmpZaEIxTW5oV09ZQlZPWWxrYXI0VVlYaFdWMU5GYVpoelJhUkhhNVp6VWpKemJQbFRhdXBGTXlOWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://guidatv.sky.it/app/guidatv/images/epgimages/channels/home/25780_home.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radionorba TV IT
http://?cnRtY3JabVlIbG5OcUZYY0pObmNzRkhOcUJqVDNobVZ3a1dTbWRtVklCbGVKMWthMUVGYklaWFY0QjNiR0pHU0cxMk1xeDBaMmxUYWFWMk51RjBRc3RpVDNjVVVheFdaV0YxZHBGRWNIZEdWcllYTTFOMVRYUmtjM2NYYkhOMVN4UmthSEJWVXF4V1Y0SjBaWlYxYXR4MlV6ZHpZckVrYTZ4bU4xZ3pMeFJrWXJFMVZsMUdUWjFtZE0xVWF4Y2tiU1JHWm9kalpKSkZjSDVHY3dCM1lRNUVhT0YyU241MFoyWm5SSkpET2pOM1FvdFVkdHBrY0dGamF2bFVWemxXUzM5Q1dpeG1UU2hYUmp4MmJ0Wm1SdVpUVDRkVVlEcFVXdEYzTEdsbk1LQkhjeWdHVDFkSE80OUVkejQwWTVWWFcybEdheVlEZUlWWFlyNVVaM3BITzBKbWNFWjNWc2wyZFlWamFKSlZUTlZXY3J0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt5128328/poster/1fWnzmBxZMEJZZATogoMPebazYB.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Naanum Rowdydhaan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6027478/poster/hh7D1fLjet1Ce1kcCkk5TVr3g9O.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Dhruva
http://?PWNtZXZGWGRUSm5heWxVTUZWWE1yVkZSdFIwSzJsbll4Z2pUNFkxZFFSM1Ewb2tUcEZuTlRsMWR3aDJUMHRTU09oamJsUkRjVEJWUjNaVlRqcGxaaXRtWVYxR04waDJjcUYwVlN4MFpxQjNhcWRrUUxoV2FERjJhS3QyYU9GRmR4Y21Uc2xEYkNKalVZbEdUNVVuU1RWa2FXRjFiNlIzVnlkbWNqZFVhVWRYWXdRMlUxOUVlelozZHZoMWN3Tm5RMVpHTVlsSE1FaG5NVkoyY2xkVU1xbDJNck56ZHpJMFMyRTNkU3gyZHdSM1pNTjNid2tITzNWRU8ybG1SaFJYUXo4bVZhUlRlekJuZFVGVFpzOXlWbmQxTXpkbk56ZEdXcXAzWlJaMk42RlRlc1ZYWkxsVmVseFdTNWttVWwxV2V6RkVNR2QzYTF0MGQ2SmpWNGRtUmxsSGF5UTJjMFozUTB0V09xOVdUTmgxTnJjbmJ3WkRSNUZWZXljVFRJTm1SdDkwWnBKV1JUSjNhcVJuZUZGMWJSOW1RR2RXT3dKbVNsSnpRTHBuTUMxbWR2aEdhbHBVU1FaM2J4WjFiMHBuU3lFblZqSldXREZqZWpwMExDRjNLeVptZE5CVFp3MVdWa1pHZEhGRmNMVlZVVkJWTzV0MkwzcGxXelEzUlNoM1pqOXlkd2dVVDFabGEzVnpkNU1qZVBKWGNpbEdPT3RXZWlobFNPZERNb3RtU1VkMVIyaEhNUEYzU1BGMmN0aDFVTXhHTXlWblVWdGlXNXBHY3pkVmVWTlZhenBITnpkbFV5TldUMWxYUjBjWFJhVkhVbXhtZTU0R1YzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6363436/poster/mdvnaY0FowdQv3eaLElnlnJ2tKY.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", 1971: Beyond Borders
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6201292/poster/hBtRwo9BIdRARsNZPtAHvlse0mg.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Bairavaa
http://?PUVuZXZGWGRUSm5jeWxVTUZWWE11VkZSdFIwSzJkbll4Z2pUNFlsZFFSM1Ewb2tUdEZuTlRsMWR3RjNUMHRTU09oRGNsUkRjVEJWUnBaVlRqcGxaaWhuWVYxR04waEdhcUYwVlN4MFpwQjNhcWRrUUxkV2FERjJhS3RXZU9GRmR4Y21Ud2xEYkNKalVZcEdUNVVuU1RWVWJXRjFiNlIzVnpkbWNqZFVhMGRYUzNFbFJQVlRhNVVVYTNOWFR3RjBReW9rZE85bU0wSlZjSHRrYXlnek1XQnpWNUpuY01oM1o1RW5jVkp6VnJzQ2RrVmtSaTlVYnZ4a2JRWnpNYVozWXBoWE1JSkhjUmxXTnJja1JuOVNTRFoyTnZkWGF5dGlXdUozYkhSbGRTbGtiNFpFTUNwMExzZDNRbHhFYVZaMWR3eFdlbkp6TjFKVVZHdGtWNUZYWXBKVFpaTmpiM0UwZEpGRVQzOUdhMG9rV2F4V05QbFRicGRYZHJwMWFya0ZaeHRVVXJJRU4yZDJTRXBWWVZSa2RLeDBMRUJWU3I1VU4zWldRaWxXYnVOVmJ2azBjUHAwWlZkbllyVmxRekkyVHZoblkzRlRZelFrZTJvbFpUTm1acGRFTUV0V1R6aDJWQ05IYUpCVGNEQjNaMFlrUXp0aWF1aFVXaGwzWTZWRmE0RjNiMmQyYXY1V1JydEdlNWNXT3lnSFcyWm5NQ1ZrZHFsRFZNNVdSMDlHTzBnMlVvaEhlMWhXZDNVMGQxQVRVWTUwTjZGWE82TkZWRlZIVzRVbmFrVlhjUUpXTkpaek0zUkRaRWQyVklsWFdubG5lek5GYld0MFFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt3962184/poster/45oR5i1pqO7ImZM6SgpprHnCFBZ.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Hebbuli
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6861726/poster/uM4QeWS6dgLWGlZpE2XKa3GUnms.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Jai Lava Kusa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7690466/poster/jJonfDUWhvyJE1qTylNUUvrpJXF.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Gayatri
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7483340/poster/w8St0xtX8nc2EnIHhXIwRX45K5e.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Junga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6929642/poster/xVAZZN4Av3e6YxwLgUWTYDNtta1.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Junga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/74cJLMYdFvmTAYXAdvmaSdLy3Xf.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Maari 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/meJjODI5tTJAvyxhmnDyW8qLPRj.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Sketch
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8733898/poster/d5wL2axBtieecnAD6X4HMgrkXGp.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", U Turn
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10711648/poster/AvtepCkbx7772EOGn7na3ItSRq8.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Comali
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/4tgSwJwzYCkFP4XhsyT0NCcsDbn.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Hawaa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8948790/poster/bU9q9yVtxeBiC0Do27CekHXNE6D.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Jersey
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8042248/poster/r01e7wDHHFl2WaXBBzMhGoZg50t.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Kanchana 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6067752/poster/fXgY2RCzoIJPhPDoyKRjaaqjIZs.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Lucifer
http://?PW9tZXZGWGRUSjNieWxVTUZWWE1uVkZSdFIwSzI5bVl4Z2pUNFlWY1FSM1Ewb2tUNkZuTlRsMWR3bDNUMHRTU09oRGNsUkRjVEJWUm5aVlRqcGxaaTVtWVYxR04waEdhcUYwVlN4MFp5QjNhcWRrUUw1V2FERjJhS3QyZE9GRmR4Y21UMmxEYkNKalVZdEdUNVVuU1RWMGRXRjFiNlIzVjZkbWNqZEVheTEyTXp0V055WjNjWkpGYU1aMGExVlRReGRVUmtWWE9tWm5ZMWtqYTQ4VVRXOXlLb1JXWmpSVWUyNVdNUXhtYzBNRGUwUm1VdmwyYXRKalEyOW1hdFozZHZkMlJPWm1jeEYyYXpoVU80ZDNVeFFqVEhwM05uQjFNR1ptYUtWa1NSSnpiNVYzS2FoVlFOaG1WWXgyUTAwV2JqOVdVT1ZXVHZkRFV0VmpiU2wyYVVaME1qVkVieVptZUJsVmV1SjNhYWhHTTJzMlVrTlhaVWhHZVFKSGR5UlRleWxWYXhWRE5KZG1Od05rZUxsa2VYOWtVWlZGVXE1bWVLaERPMGRtZUlwbFFVNUVlUU5XYk5CMWR2dEdjcVZIVVd0V1FVeFVONXNVZXE5V09WSkdOeUpsYXJKWGVRcEhhR1JVTnI4bWEyazJLWFpWVHpKelk1SkhXMXBXVzZKRU1PbFdjU1YxYmtObmI2ZFRaVE5EU3c0V2UzZ1dkbVIwYlJaMFNqVlZTNHRXT3BOblR4Z25TUGxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/77FDa56d6fueqMSu3bmopJFJmJr.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Saaho
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8751976/poster/AgvDjOzWMISPYmFsW42ZOpzPrCc.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Dev
http://?PXNtZXZGWGRUSjNaeWxVTUZWWE0yVkZSdFIwSzJCbll4Z2pUNFkxYVFSM1Ewb2tUcUZuTlRsMWR3aDJUMHRTU09oVGRsUkRjVEJWUjJaVlRqcGxaaXhtWVYxR04waDJkcUYwVlN4MFp5QjNhcWRrUUxwV2FERjJhS3RXY09GRmR4Y21UdmxEYkNKalVZeEdUNVVuU1RWa2RXRjFiNlIzVjJkbWNqZGthRDVHVDFoellSTnphcEpsZE1Gek51RkVSREpsU3RaWE9waG5SQkZGZXlselkwcGtlNmwxY0ZKbk4xZFhhMUlrUTFJbGRPOVNRWGhFTjVoelIwNW1STTUyYTFkbVJZZEdkS1psZTRWek5uRlhOMmtVZUNWM0wxY0dlemMxYXZRV01ySldTNWxIWnhGRVpoTm5jalZETm9kRWE1a1ZaWEpXWnN0bVZ2d0VhNUpYY0JGelpEbFhiWVZYTTRNVGQ0SjNiU2hsVm4xMmN4ZFVNMWhYYTFORVNpWm5XekZXYm9sR1ZXZEdaNVZFT3djRWFTaERjbGR6TXhkV1ZNQmpTdWRtVWxSVFNLUjNkSlJrVW1wSGRxVlVkbGhYU2lsM2N3c21SR2hWZEgxRU9FUmxiNVowVlZ4VVRUcEhVMEJqWVVkVWNWaHpMbzl5YjVOV1N2SVdVTFZYY0Nwa1JFUmtjeWswY1BObk40VkZUdzhtVGg1bWJ2ZHpSNWxVYXdZbFZNbEZXNTkwWnhsbVp6Sm5kSlZYY3pra2RrSjNNck1IY3Z0Q2NTcFhXb3BtUmtsV2JOVmpiaTlHZEpkVVdzTkRWclJqV245bVdPSkdlRUpUYnZvMFJMTm5VemwxTHRORk01Um5ZME1HZU10V2QwUnpjV05sUjZCVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9900782/poster/hOF9CgPsy9aLr5GJEBESC8MEXFy.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Kaithi
http://?PXNtZXZGWGRUSlhkeWxVTUZWWE1vVkZSdFIwSzJ4bVl4Z2pUNFlWYlFSM1Ewb2tUd0ZuTlRsMWR3NTJUMHRTU09oemJsUkRjVEJWUnNaVlRqcGxaaWhuWVYxR04waG1icUYwVlN4MFpvQjNhcWRrUUwxV2FERjJhS3QyWk9GRmR4Y21UdWxEYkNKalVZeEdUNVVuU1RWVWFXRjFiNlIzVnBkbWNqZDBaMjhXZDBWa1JRTjBkdllGTXNOVE10Vm1NcU5HU05kR1Zyb2xXVVJHYVVoak1zWnpic2hUUWpabmFSbEhaUkYzYjN0R2IzRXpTRlpYTXhwWGNqSmxhck1YWUhsVmN4aDNkdzVtVndWRFUyTkhjeTBtUzBZWFdoWlhkMm9WZHIxVVJ4NTBheVowU21oVWJhWjNTNWtEYldSbmVGQnpMNUlWWTRoMVp4b25XM2QzUzNaR2J0bFdlc1ZrYXNWVk5xcDBLMDhtY0NCSFMxWmpjVWgyYTFoelpHaFRkcnBGTkJ4bVdUNTJLeklWUkQ1bWR3aFVhYXBsYXM1R2JIbEdiNjVHTTZsRmMxY0hjMmNITXVCalQ2QlhOM1IzUTFJbk4xSWxRaHRDZEdGWFE2ZFVWdlowVkJkRmV2TW5WUUp6VXhkMGF3MTJMbWRuVXFkRWM=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11924162/poster/unnamed.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Raani
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11433696/poster/7sOIZkQ2X0kLpN1NYqsXMUrUGXn.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Solo Brathuke So Better
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11433696/poster/7sOIZkQ2X0kLpN1NYqsXMUrUGXn.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Solo Brathuke So Better
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt0069358/poster/q3pesBP9DvdKQFc1Rk7lUXv84kr.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Ecstasy of the Angels
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt0073115/poster/25ozVaMSebid79fzJpYrmN2mbrd.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Story of O
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt1179071/poster/e37tuB45HtsEeE9wi5ig1egeYE.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Orphan Killer
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt4953758/poster/cfyLFAIXmIX8m8FYRGnjF1UWfPU.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Chasing Evel: The Robbie Knievel Story
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt4736550/poster/uIrGgUzasEUA7v8uChRhUUFzLwE.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Great Hack
http://?PVFuZXZGWGRUSm5keWxVTUZWWE02VkZSdFIwSzJkbVl4Z2pUNFlsY1FSM1Ewb2tUb0ZuTlRsMWR3WjNUMHRTU09oVGFsSmxkM0JWUjRGRFVGOWtXNDRtWjNNMGN3Rkdkb2wwY3p0MGF5RkZlRU5FVmxGSGR4Y0RXekJUYUYxbVlwTkhlNjVrUno0R05WbDNMVVZXUVhKa2VZeDJOdkUzUjVoVlcza2pOb3htZHpkVk5RTjBjVkpuVTVJVlU1aGxXMUJsVHlwR1VvWlhkdlFVYWlKR2E1Ukhhek5XYTFBWGNzcEdTSU5VT3lzeWEyRVVXS2RXYXNkVWU0Y1dXMVlYZTBGSE5JUlViNW8xUjJnVk5ybDJaU1JWVTNwWFZpaDBOUXAwZDFOVU9PRmpkb2xYVnhwSFJDVm5ld1pYYnd3MmJyUlZUWFJsYXE1ME0yVjJWaXQyUktoa1cyY3phdnhFYXpvMmFuUmtjSVpGUm9GbmU1OG1SclYzY25SbllwcEhUNFJUVEJSMlRaSkhleEZEWjRNV2F6MFdUTkJYYTFwRWFyRUVWMkIzZFRKemFKdGtjMzltVHNaMU1xdEdkdlJ6VTZKWE5qSkhaMmdsY0xCVFFYRkhad3RXWVpOWFZtcFhVMWRuYUtOVmJDSldUdmdYUTFoalc=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10223546/poster/lQuN357xgGz2IovnbOySXP70DTj.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", You Deserve a Lover
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt5731742/poster/gS3B3PxL8cY6jbLvTndi1eP3kdv.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Alpine Lake
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6393674/poster/3nD9wkGzzQpzaLXOfJXoZgN2nAk.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Before/During/After
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10334148/poster/54UVKPHzT8ymwj20YZScKLHaXG6.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Blithe Spirit
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/5Rr1QRh7fS7SOJStBUznqIQ24Y3.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Brothers by Blood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7552792/poster/eObg5SGzNdqZMwnfl9jEixm8d9Q.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Four Games in Fall
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9893250/poster/gKnhEsjNefpKnUdAkn7INzIFLSu.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", I Care a Lot
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7703924/poster/q2lkJf1TAjImTHCEO7XvbqPtnPb.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Infamous
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9735470/poster/8AYQ7vyUI2HVLEKH7niFvJ1AdZp.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Little Fish
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6475714/poster/zO9R7Z6DRDgRO9QVz4lAJg3L15o.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Monster Hunter
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6317656/poster/4zkycln0sxsHBYCrlwZEKHBjw61.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Penguin Bloom
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/46B5DYMJm60LauKQKDrbMVJ3kRz.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Penguins: Life on the Edge
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8110004/poster/tvGBoCe0IPRlpwx5QsrRrcMmuLT.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", PVT Chat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12283738/poster/xdfyxUR65XfF1NDm6vJKpdRyedj.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Quarantine Girl
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9741526/poster/zlhUgY0xoqGhMUge4dX1ruHcUvm.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Reunion
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/wDG6K0uLtJvJyp1cJmluqjBh79v.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Dissident
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13641400/poster/e9uDnoDsqeVuEpuJBtaYh0GGMQo.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The House in Sherwood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7311330/poster/ivWleLvEQkSJiJ2xw1IQjJWkldp.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Last Exorcist
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7588822/poster/AjlVJ8y62Sx34eXsugV4htv8wpQ.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Night They Knocked
http://?PWNtZXZGWGRUSlhieWxVTUZWWE0yVkZSdFIwSzJWbll4Z2pUNFkxYVFSM1Ewb2tUcUZuTlRsMWR3ZDJUMHRTU09oamNsSmxkM0JWUnZGRFVGOWtXNGNtWjNNMGN3Rkdib2wwY3p0U1Z1bDBTelFUVFQxR1pySlRXenNVZTNobGV2VlZSdE5UV05Sa1dCaDNUMG8yVExkbWFuUjFOcnhFTnFGRWR0Qm5UVWhuWkJobFIzY0RlMWRFT3ZkSGM1TjBSbGhsWkxwMk5tZFRXSmRVYXRKbmRzNW1XNXBVWVh4MmRzRkhVTEZuVDBKamNqOW1ZcjlTVnJSVVp6TkVkWngyVExCblJVaG1lSzFVT3ZFWFIwWkdaTXBrZWtSM1ZuRjBhck1IYktwRmVKOTJiNXRTVEtkMWFsdEdVSDUwWnhkVmN2WUhhTnQyVnhGWFNWbG1henQyVHFkbVZ3UjFhWUowYml4RVc0WkZjNGN6TnlFM1RPZFRUblpVYnZJbFp1MWtTMlozVXBGRGVrbEhlS1JFV3JSM2FZNW1SMkoxTHNGVmRscFVUMFluVERoRlZ6TnpadnRTVHhzeVF6MWtidjFVV01kR1VNRldUcWhFYllwV1I1RkRXb3AzY1VaRmVKcDJVNWR6Y21sWGJ4SUdaNFVYT3ROa00=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10333426/poster/b7BllsQkD6nTkAdtd28UVCmKqVi.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Bliss
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10661710/poster/wTjBPDsxb1Ifsb0LVay8vXO8Fxg.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Born a Champion
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13818410/poster/4PrWnaWdcZoTC9Xxyr0UZYS3ppw.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Creating The Queen's Gambit
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8521736/poster/syobJCxZcIJl0OpjNroZSQKa1kW.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Flora & Ulysses
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9784798/poster/iIgr75GoqFxe1X5Wz9siOODGe9u.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Judas and the Black Messiah
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12352250/poster/tmghT8HaddVIS9hEXIOI9GuDchi.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Mummy Resurgance
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10342228/poster/7p0O4mKYLIhU2E5Zcq9Z3vOZ4e9.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Narco Sub
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11252440/poster/pkVDrD1FQW9ZdTzFjfxXD9A2ILp.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", PG (Psycho Goreman)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7937254/poster/6KxiEWyIDpz1ikmD7nv3GTX4Uoj.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Silk Road
http://?PUluZXZGWGRUSkhkeWxVTUZWWE1uVkZSdFIwSzIxbVl4Z2pUNFlWZFFSM1Ewb2tUNUZuTlRsMWR3SjNUMHRTU09oVGNsSmxkM0JWUjFGRFVGOWtXNGtuWjNNMGN3Rm1ib2wwY3pOMGMyRlZPcmRtTVdCWGNhWmpWMFVsYk5kalJSZEhUNEYxS1pwMFQwTTNNdEZrWXZVVGUzUjFkbXRTUzV4R2NXVmxaR2RHZTF0a1RrWkRid28wY0loVE40QjNTdFZtTXFwSFcyWUZaVHRpZXpjV1J1cFhSblJHWm5obU1IdEdiMFVXYVpORWJ3Wm1iV0pWTXBObGJKWlZZSmwzTW14VWJWZDFjNGtIU3JWV1U2QkZlMDlrU0twR1R2b1VZUk4yYmFOa1RZbFdUck5UV21GM1ZNbEdTeHdVVHh0RWNXaGtkazlXWTZoblNZZDBiaDkyZEpWRWV5OTBjbjlpYVc5VVFxbDNNd1F6WnRabldXSm5ZRDFVYTI4a2RMWm5Sc05HY2pOSGRUQjNOMlZYVnpJbmI1Z3pSTEprUXhsRlRhWmtOUWxYVWFaR1VCQm5jUUptUjJrM1I0WlVXMmdFVHA1MlJWSmxkMWdVZDJGMGJ4RVdTMlJEV2paV2JZQlhOeHgwU0hobGF1eFVOT1IxYTNwV08=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13787118/poster/CXQ5zOrhHGcw1imsRMwa7W8izS.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Strip Down, Rise Up
http://?cnAzYnhWM1V5ZG5jSkZUUjFGemNWUlViRXRpZDZKV000NEVPV1JIVTBORU5LNWtleFp6VVpkSGNvOUVkcmtrVDRrV1pTWjNkUVZVYXhBVlJQcEZPNFoyTkROSGNobEdhSk4zY0ROWGFSbHphbkpqVnBGblcyWUZOVnBXVDNZVVUzeEViUkpUUXpaV2R3aFZabmhWWlBobmEwZEZiclJrZUpGRFoyMDJhcWgzU21Ka1dya25iSEYxTkVGbWIzTlZTQ0ZWYnRkRk1JRjFjYXAzTWpGVWR4Y0RhRzFHTVFsVll2NUVObGxqVXc1Mk0wdG1WMU4wZDRObFVHRjNOMTlVVExaVU1hVm5WMjhpZHFKWGUxa21lT04zTDM1R1pOOVVZUGRYVmtoMGN5Y3pab2REV3c0V1NvQm5OVFJ6VVhaM1FTVlhNSE5GYWgxMGJuSlhUMUJWY1NKMlJMWlhadUZsYnJrWGI2aG5RbUJIZTRoRWIxUUdVbGxHTW1SbU4zVVVjMkUyWm5Obld4UjJRNG8wVnFGWGJJUkhScncwZDFCMVlDWm5aNEZXU1JablFUMVdab05EY3dKMmRyMEdXSTlpWm41MFZ5cG5WeFpuUVZCM1EwNVViWkp6VnpKWGR0SkZheGt6TXg1R1czd1dRakpYZUJKVFdIOVdPMjkwYzFVRGVKcFhNMmtsWkl0bWR4RUZVcTlXVTIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6902332/poster/rVgegHud79yK18qDUq3Holb1C9T.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", The Marksman
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10676012/poster/zdkJs9j6yKo9di0kjtctM01fSMv.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", To All the Boys: Always and Forever
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9110170/poster/4U1SBHmwHkNA0eHZ2n1CuiC1K1g.jpg" group-title="Hollywood Movies", Wrong Turn
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8747450/poster/jfVAx36bnczMArJB8eFZuoDdKC4.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Chaman Bahar
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9642630/poster/yq5dE49Tpem3u2dbOJEkT555xPM.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Prawaas
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt2513380/poster/MV5BNDM1NzQyYzUtNTQ1ZS00MzMyLWI3N2EtNDE2MTcyYzE5NzU4XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNjA3OTI5MjA@._V1_.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Charuulata
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt4701578/poster/leYBbK0u6MsxZMtvniAguAE4nMm.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Jamai 420
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6510288/poster/devi.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Devi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6250604/poster/7Nooqte2NGEwdJsoFIqZrSNrZLZ.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Swatta
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6520954/poster/1lCqsNGxArlCgnOSzfoVX8tOIiE.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Debi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7852120/poster/yE4SdH99m3beLq11bWHj3ZVwv9N.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Inspector Notty K
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8396262/poster/gHjW3aKZL6UbWBqxaP6StaSZe8.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Sultan: The Saviour
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9639274/poster/5v1oSJZgsj7W3334GQX34fbdIWh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10541028/poster/c4LWcqVVcXzYe9orp8WACRJ4apH.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Gotro
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM61174512/poster/uhku8A8.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Jaanbaaz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10731800/poster/dDcI51q6K7OQQjZQAycLx7rdwLK.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Ke Tumi Nandini
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9110380/poster/ckTbidgctoi2dSTjuNDjaZ0KS4z.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Konttho
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10789322/poster/ydyVFfjy9TVbxqOBJuWoWFw2W7z.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Panther
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10912588/poster/bkbklQtXeKDxyRoOf0EdVyEf6Yq.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Password
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13396982/poster/d.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Biye.Com
http://?PVVuZXZGWGRUSjNaeWxVTUZWWE13VkZSdFIwSzJObll4Z2pUNFlsZVFSM1Ewb2tUdEZuTlRsMWR3OTJUMHRTU09oamJqSnpjMlowVDJwMWJ4ZFdPUEYzSzFSWGRUaG5kbmxXV2xOR1UyRkdPNngwUkxwV01PaEZWdlFuYjNkMWN2WWphNXBGZHp3VU1qaDNkdk0yZDBNMmFNaFhhWEJsZG9kbVY0MW1VQzkyWnhzME5oRlVlUmgzS054RVVyVlVadUozYkdsR1RwUkVlNGduZUNWMmNyaG1aNjlXTVJOVlVvbDJiTkZIWjVWRmFXZHphVWhWYzB4RVZNVldheUJuV0JsbVdaWlRiTmQwYXNOV2R5OWlValZqYXR4bU5LTmpWU05YZTZoVk9qdFdXb1oxTFRWRU5KcEhWMlkzUUdWSGF3OUVjMHNtTTQ5V2JuNVdlWXRXZU5oRGJIcEZkMFZWVjExR1pvOUVSVkpIYmt0bVNhOVVTem9YYWhKbVNwUnpjdVoyWXhva1J4eDJLTWh6TjRkelo1WVZVUEJWYjRGMVkwTjFaMUVuTklKRGFESjNhaUpYU1VWa1R1VjBOMHRHUjI0R056Y1dVMVJqYXpkblJrTlhQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11318348/poster/tojV97ptz27DncdiszkoVsCQgTM.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Brahma Janen Gopon Kommoti
http://?PVluZXZGWGRUSkhjeWxVTUZWWE0wVkZSdFIwSzJwbll4Z2pUNFlGZVFSM1Ewb2tUNEZuTlRsMWR3SjNUMHRTU09oemFqSnpjMlowVDZwMWJ4ZFdPUHAzSzFSWGRUaDNibmxXV2xOR1VxRkdPNngwUkxkWE1PaEZWdlFIZDNkMWN2WWphd3AxYlNSbGFXaEhSWEpVUjRCSGVrTjFSb1ptY3BKV1F1UkRTMUZuVnJ4a2VSaDBieWxqWTRkbVJwRjFUd01EU0xGSGJ2b21ZM1VtYUQ5MFV6RlVPdGxUV0c5R1M0ZzJWMU1EVVAxVWVLZFZUVXBGVTFkVFk0SWxNSjFHTTZKMlVFcDBaQmxsYTNzaVJySmpiNXcyWkt0V1pwRnphSEZWZHpGa1d6ZFZlcHhVVTFKVVp0ZG5VM01XZWtCamVCUkZUUk5VTnZ0a1FPbGxWQ2RuZXZSVVd5b0ViTE56VXpGV2V6SldWMGMwYWpobVMwUXpNdDlHZHdCelo1Y0hWMkoyUlRkVE9pSlhkREpXYzJkbmF2VnpVMVEySzVSalYzWW5UU2xtV0dwMmNtaFdleEozVmtsVE4wRlVSeTgyTExKWFR4eDBka2xIYTBSVk1PeFdWbjlpVTNWSFZ2VjNjeUlVWUlKWGJ5OGtOd0pHVzZGM1JMNW1laVpYV1k5U1M0a3paek0zUzFaV1l0eG1RQlp6VUdwWGFDWjNSUzlHZXdSM040a1ZhbmwzYk9GRmVOWlhWeFpFTXFoRWJQOTJOR1pYUnhCbGRuVmxjckJYYk9SbWIwZ1hhTlpYYUpKMU50QmpVREYzVWlGM1ZIeDBUM1FUYUZKMlp5SjFLc2RGV1BObGRpVm5VWlZsWUNkbGNvaEhWUGxFVW4xVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12583348/poster/175855.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Brahmadaitya
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13575922/poster/jaOBd811QoAZgTlWFbGviqgvI2D.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Cheeni
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12676972/poster/9p0BJK9IRL3idVNcLS7Nnww5z9M.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Detective
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/bl458v3cVcj6KNu7QhDkQB5sCRj.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Dracula Sir
http://?PThtZXZGWGRUSm5leWxVTUZWWE01VkZSdFIwSzJabll4Z2pUNFkxWlFSM1Ewb2tUMkZuTlRsMWR3UjNUMHRTU09oemFqSnpjMlowVHRwMWJ4ZFdPUHAySzFSWGRUaG5kbmxXV2xOM0t2cDJURlZrY1JwV1dGQkhWeDlXYVdsWGJsbDNjNDVHUzBVRlNDNW1hTkpFVTNNbmVHUkRaS0ZqYjE5MFF4RkRXNWxuV0RSVk9ueG1jQlIyVlhoR04zTnpOeTVHYTA4V2RIcFdUMnBtYjRrMWQwa1dVdGRtZTNSbGV5ZEhlRFZ6ZERobWNTWlhRMm9XVG9oRVR5cEZSV3htVVJCMWRzVkRlckV6Y05Wblp1NVViRkZuVDU5V2F2TUhVQmhEZDBRbFk0RWtWcUZrWlpsa1YyVUhVTVpVU0hoMGRxdGlWdnNTYm5ORlJrMVVhUTVHYXljMkszRkhhalYxWklkRlNuTmtSMmNYYllsR2J5STJjdGhrYXF0V2JNbFZRNlpVZTJFVVdyaG1lU0owTnJWWGFucFVPRmRWYnRCRFVVbFVOVGwzUWlaVWNTQkhiSVZqVjFSMVZzdFNhc05GVDV0bVlMRlVUUWxVZTJRSGNQaEdTdFoyTHRsa2V5WlhUd1FIVDJoSGFaSmtZMkozVDJwRVJyaDJLUVpIUk9Wa1MwY25hWlZEVVRWek02OW1VRVpEZGFwblNScFhad1pHYkZKbmVrSlVTMFJ6UktoVE1sZFhVaVZsYnhkRGJzcEhjQmhVUnFoalZacDBSbWRIT25wMGNCOWljTXRXUlJSM1Z0ZG5TMm9HVVJ4V1dLRlRaekJGZW1WMFMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM52055797/poster/Harano-Prapti-2020-Bengali-1080p-HDRip-1.9GB-Download.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Harano Prapti
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10244472/poster/2U4MwgNi3LAA1MZv7hHOCize25D.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Hullor
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM14826162/poster/d.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Karma
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10801042/poster/aX2MPX3uGGHDdtG6guXtBm22QSH.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Love Aaj Kal Porshu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11569822/poster/wvSa3sGfvnAgxjAEGvyu9e4XsY2.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Love Story
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13356580/poster/hbRFBUKaDNQrlMQCSaxsfBZbcet.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Mainkar Chipay
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11497808/poster/bJFFQPGd4c7IFwGzLBYNfzwgbgI.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Sraboner Dhara
http://?NnAzYnhWM1V5cG1jSkZUUjFGamFWUlViRXRpZHlKV000NEVPV0ZIVTBORU5LNWtieFp6VVpkSGNwOUVkcmtrVDRzMll5TW5kRzlrYmE5V2NubHpUd3RTZDBWM1U0MTJacGxWWktSVWNFSjFicmdrTXJkbmFOMW1WUVozYjJCM2IyTVRjaU5IWkRCekw1NW1XNlpsYXVKM2M2TlRldlFFYWk1bU5MOTJMNXhrUlFKblZNQm5ObGhHUjNJV2FwVjBjR0ZHUjNSalNSeDBhaFJuTXNselp0bDNaSEIzZGlCVld5OWlVVkoxTlpwV1MzdFVUeW9sYldWbE5pUkVVNkpXYXdnWGVWVm5iWU5rYmxKRGFoeG1WcTFVTW9SSFJWbHpTTE5YTW1kVk5FTldhVU5qTlpobFkxZGphbFIwYXpwbU1CbEhPM1FWYlZOa1VIbDJVNWgyY1NGMFVhdFdlaVZGZEhoRGNMTjBLR2hFV3poRGMzZ0RPMHNtWjNZMk5YSjBaa1YyVkZaVU9xZDBjeXBWWVdsbVU2WlhiRWQyZERWMUtIUkROdE5HZXZZVWV4ZEdPVkJIVDVrRmJ6SVVUWGRFZXBkSFZPaG1hRmxITzNaR1dPdFNhbE5qZHlRRVQzWm5SNEpEY01GWFQzWlVZUzEyYnlSa2IySlhVcjVrTXpkbWRrMW1jMG9rYnpwRWV6Y1dNbTlXUXcxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12923150/poster/riXurapZFxutBa19R5b5mTEIma2.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Tasher Ghawr
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM39708555/poster/h74l4dA.png" group-title="Bangla Movies", Aloukik
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/MM63098970/poster/1610639073_9.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Kostoneer
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://ftp.timepassbd.live/skyview-ftp/ftp2/BANGLA_MOVIES/2020/Joy%20Ma%20Kali%20Boarding%20%282020%29/Joy.Ma.Kali.Boarding.%282020%29.1080p.Bengali.WEB-DL.AVC.AAC-DusIcTv.mkv" group-title="Bangla Movies", Joy Ma Kali Boarding
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13781030/poster/zee5-original-wtfry.png.png" group-title="Bangla Movies", WTFRy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8747548/poster/tOI0cjMmjruvUQ6QIbMfSjzWBLk.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Axone
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7721800/poster/aawdjzVsfKvRRIFu9Ni74wZyjc8.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Bharat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11651780/poster/5bISH2CslULqfc8UtAASbcXGk0A.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Choked - Paisa Bolta Hai
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11774804/poster/98Fv3MSWeIPI2lbC16OxE2tHUYh.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Court Martial
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt3734580/poster/xoxGcPUSQM8uSyLDqy5jEPk4tXV.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Ghoomketu
http://?PXNtZXZGWGRUSjNieWxVTUZWWE0yVkZSdFIwSzJabll4Z2pUNFkxYVFSM1Ewb2tUd0ZuTlRsMWR3ZDNUMHRTU09oVGJtRldlUzVXTnN0R2F0NW1jcmttV0Q5Q09vcFVhR1pHYVRObVkyTmplcEoyYUtsWGJreEVPQ3hVYkoxa2R2TVVkM3RFVFRKMVRKVlhkNU1EYlRoVWR5TTNRNmx6UXpkMGQwY1ZiUTVHTTZ4RWRESldhcmdHTXR0MlU0TjFkUVJuWnhJbmFJZGtWUFJqZGhOMWJGUmxSMkZUTndjV2V3Wm5UVk5tZE10MlpuMVVXeThVVTJoV1IwY25TeWRHV2tKSFYyQmpjMEltY3hKMVp0TjFMNU5qVnpkMlFyUW5jTkZYZVJwV091RmxVNFpqUjFvRmF4bEhTWmhYV2F0Q2JQbGthd05UU25OVVlhNTBjMjhHTUROVFl5ZEhid28wTXpNVmI0SjJONDQyU1BOblNTMUdOa3AxWkRoR05DSjBUNE56ZFJkMlRabDJRcXBuVnBCRmFrRjFMRzlXUjZoSFNpQkhOT3hXVDVCbmJtbFhjeU5VUjU1a2R5TkRlenBWZUhoM2RuTkVUNkp6Wk5sR1Z3RmxRcnRVUzU1RWVHSkhVeEExVHZnMWFUTlRSQ3RDYTRwSE0=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10333912/poster/6TShlXs1W99qBDGgY15dLqF57z.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Gulabo Sitabo
http://?PVVuZXZGWGRUSjNkeWxVTUZWWE1wVkZSdFIwSzIxbVl4Z2pUNFlsY1FSM1Ewb2tUdEZuTlRsMWR3OTJUMHRTU09oelptRldlUzVXTjJ0R2F0NW1jcjRtV0Q5Q09vcFVkR1pHYVRObVl5TmplcEoyYUtsV2JreEVPQ3hVYUoxa2R2TVVkdHRrUzBJSFNheDJjQk5sZVpWbGN0VkZiMlVuU3JwbFZucG1VT0ZYWVRWM01NaEdlT0JWWmlOMVkyaDBaRGwxVHFoV1VCTkRVdlozZG94R094ZGxRdDUwVXJsektZeFdNYVpqVzBSRmFsUlhRUnAxZHc1a1dqaFhRVkpIV3lwV1FIcDNiWk4zWXZVVU11SjBTa0puUTFzMlYzUTNWbnBuZHBoWFZVWlhObzkyVjE1a2NseFdlMFpWTjBka2E1Rmtad2cxVHFkbE5IUkdid2NtYXlrbVk1VkdlWXQyTHd4V1VwUjJRcjEyTXh4MmRIcFhadjAwWmhSVFQ2UkVleTFVYXU1VVFWSjNWc0JUZUl4a2VYNUVPcFJFVnZWV1R2b25aaGxtWWs1MFpoSkVicmtET0dKMVJ1UkdTUE5HT1RGblJHVnpVSFZFYVZwa1F1TjNicE4xTVBoM2RrcFdSSGxXVk1WMmJ0Vm5TVU5EUnJSSE42NUVkamRXWkRoVFVYTkVjSU5HTkYxMllvQlhZbEZ6Wmo5V1lRUkRTM0pHZU9selV6QTFNc2gzVm9CamN2MDJLekFYV3R4MmFwcFVhekkxVXh0a2F2VlhieFpIV1VWVWJPRjBjdE5HUnVOMloxbFdhd0FIU1lkbWJ6QjFVeFIyWkhsa1duMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13178692/poster/5cS9BfVW2bRRwRG0om49tO6T0Ga.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", 376 D
http://?PUVuZXZGWGRUSjNieWxVTUZWWE16VkZSdFIwSzJGbll4Z2pUNFlsZFFSM1Ewb2tUdUZuTlRsMWR3OTJUMHRTU09oVGFtRldlUzVXTnd0R2F0NW1jckFuV0Q5Q09vcEVkR1pHYVQ1VVd5OVdNNlZIZVBoMkw1VW1RRU5UYUp4bVkyaFhPdjFFV0loa1NQVkhlMklHZFJoR2IyMTJLeHcyU3VKR041bEdUcjAyZHRsRFVyWjBjeGwxUjA4VU5zQkZNR1pqZXZjMlFxNVVSM05GYlU5Q2N3aDJONmxWU3hjM2JHMVdidzVFYnAxbWQwbERadTkyUzRaMkxYSlRTWkJYYXZWR001SmpiR1IwZE1KbldyVjJaeGxWYVY5bVRJQlZVMVF6ZEI5MlF5bGtlenAyVUU1RU1EQjNhU2hGV0dwbGJJWm5jUTVHVG9Gell3d21RcmxIWlNaemNHMW1jb2RGUzBVSFZzbG1TVFIwYTFVWFRtQkRNcDEwYjRsald4RWxjcFZHV1dSR1dQaG5kS1pVV1BoemFxaDNNWUZsVm9SV1ZYRmxXcHQyVDFsamF1dENkMjlTVjNNVld0cDBMMk4zTUlwbVU0WmtSNkpFY1RSM2JLZEVhMUoxYWhKWGJSNTJUeWNqWk1wVmVZZFdlaFIzY3pGbFRLRldXbXQyTHRwME0wVkZjRXQwVkZCVFNyQnpTdllEVHk5R2NJZDNRem9tZE1kellrbEVadDFrY0lGWFZPNUdkamxWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11651796/poster/4ULEEvH0hDYnbWN3nClrb88sYCF.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", AK vs AK
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt3164774/poster/4xlBFBqSVMpog5Fvp6g3Lpz2UEo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Anwar Ka Ajab Kissa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12393526/poster/vdoS5MAAHcnD5Jgu0gMs56XDzW9.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Bulbbul
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10280276/poster/ahkaPWW2SU9AaDhpD31phQKhTtT.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Coolie No. 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11229134/poster/tldxDJPdrFZFymrNVSahDci2yQH.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Durgamati: The Myth
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10230404/poster/wuTwPYFoEGQG3EntpdZA8LlBBdx.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Ghost Stories
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11112526/poster/sqFi1T7MMUSZ0nTGL1UphBykz3a.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Indoo Ki Jawani
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7268736/poster/qWoDDRJomBeA3i4npwMgHOptmBP.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Kilometers and Kilometers
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10023024/poster/kxuF0Bx2o7xREN66ELoDdtC7FR1.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Love Aaj Kal
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7212754/poster/frB57nMDmu4NnSzjmrq0lEx5iod.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Ludo
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12724920/poster/MV5BMTc0MjdjZjYtMzBmZC00MDI3LWE0ZTEtY2FkNzkwYWFiNDk2XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNjA4NTk0NjU@._V1_.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Machaan
http://?PWNuZXZGWGRUSkhjeWxVTUZWWE10VkZSdFIwSzJobVl4Z2pUNFlsYVFSM1Ewb2tUdUZuTlRsMWR3MTJUMHRTU09oVGJtRldlUzVXTnV0R2F0NW1jcmNtV0Q5Q09vcGtkR1pHYVRGWFZzNUdWV0JYVDB4MlFaSlZRelJrZTZSWFYwOEdXbjFVVTZoelZ3d1didzBtVnhKamNrUmxUV3BrTnRsMlp2RTJRM1ozVXlNa1lrOUNiYVJsU1paRFp3aGpNWGwzZFdoR2F2RldSdjAyY3ZBVE9KQmpac2hrZTJkWGVWSjNMNDkwTU5CbmRFbERUV2RqTXlaV1U0VlZkYXAyTEVoWFRXNVViWnRTVDBSbVcxVlRPTWwzZHNwSFpJSmtUNG9IZFBsak1FcEdNMHAzS0V0Q1dQeG1jdk1IYlVaRWJCaERVcWxrUjBKbmVsZDNRaGhHZTNFVmRFaDJjNElYVjFzbVl6OWlWNWMyZFk1V2RsOWllNGRsYVVKRlZ6TVVkc05UWXd0RU9DZDJLUGhqWVR0aWRQUkhPdk1sYzFkWFlZTmpVT2xtWkZoellHbGphTTVtUXJvRVpzUkRXYUpYZXRwbmJKcEdNTUpYYTFKSGUxa1ZQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9877170/poster/2COzaii4BnT1O6bbXfAxtoTmADm.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Malang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12677010/poster/MV5BM2FhM2Y0NjktZDk2ZS00OTdlLTk0ZTQtOGVkODFmNjIwMjNkXkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNTc0MjY0NTM@._V1_.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Namumkin Tere Bin Jeena
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9390240/poster/4GMNA7ghqXtl1OEOD1ib0xU8wQ6.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Shakeela
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11688770/poster/Ap7hhenlyzNalc9hwe5kGtZENKz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Shubh Raatri
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10964430/poster/nSOgDTClgfbIOBgv4Itf3GSEkWA.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Thappad
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9602804/poster/jQwab46XDOqDjggr0u8wJBnxmWe.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", The Last Color
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7805960/poster/tiG1YwNax0oTmNpbkdexY5rOBW7.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Torbaaz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11964084/poster/xujced26SmDLU7B3ELXr6lgiiPA.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Virgin Bhanupriya
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10040978/poster/d.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", 12 â€œoâ€? CLOCK
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13788420/poster/yJxkfS8LhymGFgwmfChHla5wZcZ.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Bawri Chhori
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt4437574/poster/jGSbEXO90Ac8aRP4oSPAdeSAWko.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", BoXeD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10755608/poster/7ckoJXzMWGjXsSkKk5UV8cfPGxI.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Jamun
http://?bnAzYnhWM1V5aG1jSkZUUjFGRGNWUlViRXRpZHRKV000NEVPV2RIVTBORU5LNUVleFp6VVpkSGN1OUVkcmtrVDRNblpobG5VdVZEZHJoV2J1SjNLc3AxUXZnRGFLdG1SbWgyVVJWbGQ0cFhOdnAxUjRKRFpReEVhQmQzUlI5MlR2azBkNFVEVzBFSFdxcFdWdE5UWVhkV1p3UVRWMTBrYXhWM1YwOWlRclprVGxORGVJVm5XRFJFTXM5RWMwbEZjUFZ6VDBOME5NUmtNTGgyVEVaM2IyVTBiUzFVYXFSRFQyZDFOMXRpYjFkR2V6RXphTUpHY1F4V1RpcFhVdGh6Y3gwbVJIUjNhME0wYndjMVpuVkRkME5IVnd0R2FDcEhUSUYzUnNoblNtZG5hc2xqYjBFalZ6VnpReWdIUlVkMk5MTkViMkV6Y0twMVM1bGpkd1owS3pNR1dyODJSTWxYYUtWM2M0c1NjclUxTnVOWFd2RWtOMEYzUnVKVk0zaERhMWhVYUhsamFyQkROclpGTTI4bVdyZERVblYzYnlRelF6UkZPb1pYWVFoR2FZaEdkRE5GYzROVmJ4azNOR2xYVXpoMFZwcFhkVjEyWUJsM01rZFZkdlZsV1o1a1U1ZEdaTVZtVTNNWFloVmpOb2htY0g5V2R5SmtNMHBYY3JRbVVMcEdSbTlXY3JGR2RpVldNMWh6WncxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9569610/poster/ulFF2EbRm7jDRhpUx9Q8F2ATfWm.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Kaagaz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13199556/poster/n9RE7wiM94E1f0GWr2OCjnYfBuJ.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Lahore Confidential
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13773882/poster/jk8KZ4SqFR9Uz48m1KAEzc41vlX.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Madam Chief Minister
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12084320/poster/iFm7hASVbwSaoixzoaBqnVVQJvz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Main Mulayam Singh Yadav
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13143988/poster/2cFsY7j5vt1c1OPQj9JFd2vhTN9.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Nail Polish
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13802376/poster/fNQ3w9FQEd6OQGHbwyPGyqTaGNf.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", The Power
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6571548/poster/7K4mdWaLGF2F4ASb2L12tlya9c9.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", The White Tiger
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/6OWTh12f8gmZ8uo4O2rE5TPKvzc.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Tribhanga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt2924472/poster/l6vFS6R5MN6JHQsPEQqNY46Q3kR.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Mumbai Police
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt7294534/poster/mTxbUREJ42WbLekdrW0VoZmgG8E.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Arjun Reddy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt6485666/poster/65Q1wpRPZ5E3UVUv2V5JBbJQCcj.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Mersal
http://?PWtuZXZGWGRUSkhleWxVTUZWWE1xVkZSdFIwSzJwbVl4Z2pUNFlWZVFSM1Ewb2tUekZuTlRsMWR3bDNUMHRTU09oamJqaEhTeUlVU3doVlNWVm1UYXBuUXhFVVUzYzFhRHBXTVYxRVYxNW1VWWxIZExWWE9SMTBLd1luYzFnRk1TOUdPclpqTkNCbFdqVjNaemdYU1lWbmFGRkZjRDVHTW8xa1UwTVRSWGRXV3JwSFR3cEhiNTRXYmhkR090VkVOMmdtU3hObk1aZDFWR0ZsY3lWbVFWTlVXb1owUWg1R1MwczJicjhDWkZaemI1UkRWMkV6Y3ZKR1NwRkhaMXAyUVBsbFZTVlRiWWQwVDJRSGR3ZFZkd1VWVUlCSFpLTmpWWUoyYXRaVllVUmxONWhVZWFoRlNqWm5ORHgwTjBjMWFOaDJWVUZqWW8xbVdJWmxZTjkyVW1kMFpudGtheTRrUTBJMFJzbGpOeXBVUmp4MlR5a2xWdVYxYkxKVVNrUlZWNk5IUzBFblp6OEdOMzRXV21GMmNwWmthR1pUY3BOMGJoZG5XdFpYWnZGMmN6bDBjd0kzUVF0Mk41VldaR0pWVUxaSGNJMUVTaFozYlpKbWRDTldabjlrTnpVVGVIbEhVM2RrYTVSRGIzc3lkbGxEZDA1R2E=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8042132/poster/w2GyS2TdmIPvZ8kB9mjfK9H54mm.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Kaalidas
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8004570/poster/tbz4cSTTZElk6beZi6x2ySymd3j.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", 47 Days The Mystery Unfolds
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12994288/poster/fuGtfV9wdqnhUWypK1JCi1Qthbl.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Amaram Akhilam Prema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8011344/poster/xNSqlwcXzff6B5IoaIcxgCLE92h.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Asuraguru
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8016356/poster/AvNNe1kOdpYOSDuCdpmKIdUPSGU.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Bheemasena Nalamaharaja
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12909048/poster/MV5BOGFiNGZiMjAtMmY4NS00YmRkLWE0OTAtMWY1ODJkNmRkYjQ4XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyMTIzMTMxNzc4._V1_.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Blue Eyes
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12723616/poster/jxKH706DWgy4ZpKLy4iW7fZ7dXN.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Bombhaat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11717746/poster/MV5BZTBhNmVjMTItZjljNS00MzQ0LWJlNjYtN2QzZjMxYThmZmQ4XkEyXkFqcGdeQXVyNjY1NTEwMjM@._V1_.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Deadly Affair
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12071532/poster/Dirty-Hari-Movie.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Dirty Hari
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13105536/poster/6jwyPp8pAL7evPDADfI4nL9Pgt2.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Gatham
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10801230/poster/wXTmEcsq9x5hsltzxoOfGRX33Lo.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", IIT Krishnamurthy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11497592/poster/394bvwBhHgZDWANG06VLocNXl81.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Irandam Kuththu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13028074/poster/Sreemukhi-s-Its-time-to-PARTY-First-Look-HD-Poster-and-Still-1-scaled.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", It's Time to Party
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10934216/poster/d.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Kozhipporu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12677532/poster/Living-Together.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Living Together
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w185/ukaXSfyN1RoTKQ34YgjyBOd4ZhQ.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Mafia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12747588/poster/kzGNlXPH6mx90k5UjX5yFsn7lK6.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Meka Suri
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12845062/poster/77185792.jfif" group-title="South Indian Movies", Meka Suri 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13242960/poster/wY0bivHEaQiLHmmMQeddWOJa1Lm.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Middle Class Melodies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt12592664/poster/opf1UqB2tdtBI01neVolKo38rGJ.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Murder
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11854074/poster/lqe6h18aaA9KcqKeVJd9YkjcwNo.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Orey Bujjiga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11385128/poster/qFPu7C23VqLhQXb4F2pW0t9HnSL.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", V
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10893170/poster/7nyzGexU2ftCySiwRKqNIJ3CdIJ.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Bhoomi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13711212/poster/ejPYCoYUzRtnOD2zcWmxQIL6GbP.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Guardian
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt8302382/poster/xjiisbRXC4FqQewErBCgwLcdCWU.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Krack
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt9319874/poster/3bRoeDrOoVFkDvvT1259LkguxfZ.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Maara
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt10579952/poster/sxhq8VXCmFuFIHC1LKW1b8ZCXaf.jpg" group-title="South Hindi Dubbed", Master
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt13760126/poster/4e6IJvP5VkZlwtMvNyU60ImvwuD.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Pulikkuthi Pandi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://timepassbd.live/Admin/main/images/tt11191344/poster/u00WWJsijXwkkXqc8hHJAKGJ3mh.jpg" group-title="South Indian Movies", Red
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//1ZbGykgYoIpe9p6c5GqtMIyfTXb.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Augast 14 S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E08
http://?PT1BZDY5V2MxTmxjdEpYU3hVVWR4Y1hWRTFHUnJZWGJpRkRPT2hqVndCRmREUmpTT0JYYzJNVlczQjNjUFIzS0o1RU92UjJRbmhVVENobVVVcDJSQnBWY1RwWE9YQkZjelJtUmhkVmQyQm5OQloyYjZkWGRaMUVld0ozYXZoM1RKOVdPMjltYVhkSGRWTmtiaUprVDFWemRvUmtkM0p6VjF3V1RUQm5heGQyZHE1MlEwSlVheFJtVXhOVk1YWlhaM0VYUXBWRGJPNTJTVE5qWjRsVVRFSkhUUjFHY1RsamU0cDBieWMwZEV0R2NzRm5aa2xFTjE5bU02RlZRQ1ZGZFNCRmNySW1ONk5XVXdaV1Y2OTJjcFZUV3ljMmF6RlhNd1oxVHJoRVN1aDJTT04zY0c5RU9DSm5kd2xIZHpKMkx3SkhlMkkwTjU4R2NWTm5TcmhtZXVwMWJhNVdZeVoyVDBzQ081TjNkckYyYTV0a2F2TlZlU0pVYXNGVVcybDJaUnBIVFp4a2J5aFdkeW9tU0NsSGR3aFZSUUIzYjFRbmE1QWpTWWRsZTRWV1R0cEZleXBuZDA5aU4xWVhZcWRIWndGSGN6MDJjM2RIZHZoSGFKaG5XRWRHT3djMFkxNVVlV1ZsVHpKSFpwUkZOdndVTkNWSE5ORjNSemtFYklsMGNWaDNTb2hVVFg5U1Q1Z21XSXBYZXprRGJ6OGljeDVXVTIxR09xbGxOSGxtZUdwRlRMcDNhTk4yVmhSMWRxZEdXSE5tVzJvbVp0bDFRQ2hEZExwbU16Wkda
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E10
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S01E11
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E05
http://?NHAzYnhWM1V5cG5jSkZUUjFGemNWUlViRXRpZDNKV000NEVPV3RHVTBORU5LNWtleFp6VVpkSGNuOUVkcmtrVDRzR1pEZEdTTkowYlNSbGFIRmtXdU5sZTVjRlV3dEdaR0YyVjFaWGUyRWtadnAzZHlsVlQ0Qm5jclpIZVBsMGI1WTNhcWQxZDBWMVFwSm1RT1ZYTjNoSFIyZG5NWFZUYU5ORmNxRjNab3BtYkRSblFwQkhaU0YzVXhjbGJsZFRjQmxXTjM1a2IxUWpWd0VYZUlkSGRPTm5jeVoxUjZGSE0ydEdWTEZGVmxGM1FGMTJaQ1JuYWtsMk5KWmxkNlpIZDRJRVNIeG1jNVUyTjRoRGRhMUVjMUVIZXA1a1QwRVdUMUFYY0paMk1FTkhiNFlIVUl0MFVxaHpWeVFWUXoxV1lxSlRadUZWZUhCWFM0UWtjNTUyVnZZRFV2SW5jd0owTFdGRWExZDBRdVZYVHcxRU1rQlZOb3QyVUNoMVNuZG5jT2xIY1F0Q1YwTjJLS3QwYnYwV1ZIaDJacmdIZERsRlI2bEZNMzVrZHdobU1DaFhhUjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S02E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E03
http://?PUFuZXZGWGRUSm5keWxVTUZWWE12VkZSdFIwSzJObll4Z2pUNFlsZFFSM1Ewb2tUdUZuTlRsMWR3TjNUMHRTU09oamFrTjBaSTFrUXJKRlZxZFVRYWgzVTZselZRQm5ka1pVWVhWbmR4WlRRbTltZTNkWFdOaEhjeXQyYTQ5VVN2bGpkcnAyVjNSWFZERm5ZQzVVZDFjbmRFWjNkeWNWTjIxMFV3cFdjbjltYXVORWRDbEdja0pWY1RGelZ5VjJOeEZVYTE0bVR1ZEZPMDlXZXZkbWN3Sm5jM3AwUll0VVpMcFdjc1JrTW5oMmMzMGtjMEpqWTFkekxWTlVjUkJITzJOWGJQQlRlM0JqUVJoMmN1RjBjdmRuZXhaSGJLbDFUcjkyYVRWV2Q0aG5ONFpVVGtGalJRcFhNeDhHTTQ4bWV3UTJkVjkwUjRkbk1PbGtiaEYzS1NWV1FYWjBib0J6WWl4MlV4dEdkTHBVZU9wWGUyaFZlTHRtYjVZR2N6ZDJSMU5sTjVvbGRhbG1kdnQyU0VORGFoWjJWVDUwTTJKVmRRVjJSTlYzTjNGRFV6a0RjNWhYVXBoalZzaGxhVlJHVW1wblJyRUhiT0YxYTVCSFRacG5lcXBsVHpObk53Y0hSYU5uTkVSMVphbFdTcklFTjVGbVdpOVdZT1JuWk9OR2J4NTJadVJVTTNWMGJ2WlRNakZFU3hsWFVGUlRlVGhFYjFVRlRPRldZM1JIVTBVV1V4azJScWxVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//iNKBPsBHDJkdM7SpiF88a0oXtQh.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Charitraheen S03E010
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E010
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S01E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S02E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E02
http://?PWNuZXZGWGRUSm5jeWxVTUZWWE15VkZSdFIwSzJwbVl4Z2pUNFlsZVFSM1Ewb2tUcUZuTlRsMWR3cDJUMHRTU09oamJrTjBaSTFrUTFKRlZxZFVRYTkyVTZselZRQm5ka1pVWVhWbmR0WlRRbTltZTNkWFdOaEhjeXRtZDQ5VVN2bGpkdXBXWW5ORWRqaDNkdFJEVExaRmJVWkdlV1JuVjFsR2EyTkRNbjkyY0xGbllvTkZjSFpVTnZKRGMwaERPdmdqZXJGWE5EVlhWS1pIZGs5U1NySXpjNjlVUkhoRU1KcFdSUk4wY0Y1MGR4b0ZXWGhWZDVaM1V4bFRkTGgyUVVGRlowb0dhTnRHWjFGamVzaEZNcVJrWkxkR1IxTm5WWWxqYm9kMlZ1UmtlNDl5U0xWRlptaFdNdE5rWjJFMWJ4NTJSU3QyWTZKVlJrTm5Vd2syVjZoVVN1UjJjbEIzUjFFMVF5bGtOMUlVU3dvM0w1b0ZXWjVrY1dCM05SdFVReGQwTEZaRVo0azNjcll6TE9kV2R0UkRjNVZqWnFsVlNTcG5VbWQzWTJzMkxtZGphcDlpTXFOMGQzcEVaczVtY0tSSE9XaFhjbEpWYm5WMFVvOVdQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//c8CZ6vvKceU6yMUGkcGbVXCmlod.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Dupur Thakurpo S03E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//nXgDr8WmsTRkzHvAKqYuLN991lS.jpg" group-title="Bangla Series", Taqdeer S01E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E01
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E02
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E03
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E04
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E05
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E06
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E07
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E08
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E09
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E10
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E11
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E12
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E13
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E14
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//4ATvjCvlg5WcrDMiQb4RFohrDkz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Series", Hello Mini S01E15
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w300//grsb8QEjkQnXaqlGZPcStU3xyEk.jpg" group-title="Hindi Movies", Secrets of Sinauli
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RMjFeGE.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio PROS
http://?NnRtWjAwa2JPeFdUVmRWZTRJR2N2UjFicVZYVnlKVllTZDFNUGgzUk9oM1N2cEhiRWhIUzRaSE5vVkhjaEpYVFhobVVNOWlXT05XY3hRbVo2TjJNMEZXYUJSbVZHdFdaYU5EZEloamEwWlZTa2RuTTZWWGJ3TUVhMFpuUVlkamVaaEhiMHhtYktGVFY1bFRiNVZIZHdwbVNURmxWNWNWYVlaRFRRcG5SME5qVHlBWFJPRlhTRUJWUW1oWGVTcG1hVDVtUnhSblJaOUdhWHBuYVdKblQxbFZhQkJGU01SVk1zaHpVNFlGYzJnV2FIVlhNalpuZDFwbFFpbDNZckZEZE5oVFp6aDNWdVJVY0tCbmRaUlhNNGtITTRSWE52UVhSMUYzWWFsR1RyWTNiVXgwYU5kR1oxTmxlRUpsWXJWWFRQZEhONGdrYTBKSFJ0OVNUcnRHZUtwVmN4b0dUSlpuU3Foa2VNZFZVdDlVWXd0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.tv-logo.com/pt-data/uploads/images/logo/shanson_tv.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½-TB
http://?dWhtWXJaMVN3RVhWVVJUWUJOVWUwWjNaaDkwWjFSMmRqVldVNEEzU3ZGV1NDWkdiNFlGYXdJR2IwRnpZTmhWV1ZOWGRTcEdXM0ZYYU5OWFRSSlVieEpqY3daRFp5QjNiazVXWkVkV2VWZEdOUlZVVTVsVk54azBaV3BtVDRvVmVLMTBjbmxHTTYxMFQxVkhSdlVuWTJZM05YOWtVWmxGYTBwRWJYcEVONkZVWjM0VU9UaFdPejRtY2lKbmJWWnpZcGwyWTM5R1ZteG1jd1puU1lWRk9WWlRicVpHZTF0R2FybGpTQ2xGTzVWbk5hdDJaMlp6YlhSR2NwTkRkd3AxWnNwMFZOcEhjU0ZGZTVsamN4TWtXeHdFZTBGVlFUUldScTltYTZoV2R3TW1kVEYyVlFsMkxySldhekFEWm5kWGRqMVVXbmhYYmE1ME1VbEhTdkZETW05MlZwOVdaekoxUXhNWGNOMW1XeVFsVXFGVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fQUzBsz.png" group-title="Music Channel", TMA
http://?PTgyWUdSVll6eDJiaUpXYXdJblc0TnpiangwTnQxV1N5SWpOeUZUYnNWemE2WjBhMGQwTW9aVVUxY1hTWUZGYjRVMWRVWm5UelFsY3JsVVZ4RWpXTmhuYnNWRldKbEhhdzAwYzRFRVYxTkhONGNsTkZoM1lxTjFibEZuZXlrWGV4SkhSMGhuWUdWMU1udDJhMDhTZDBrWGF6aG1VM1FqVzRGVVRJWjJNNXAzVEhKWE42cFZlYWhYUkhOa053QkROVkoxU0R4R09ESjFUTnQyYm9KWFRESm5WMXhVYXdVMlpheG1kM01WZW81a2F4UkdlUnRVTXJ0MlRFWlVVd0JuVjU4VVV6TVRjeGNuWjVjV2J5VldScWREZDJWM1p4NW1WVUJsYXpkVFZUVlVR
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐœÑƒÐ·Ð¡Ð¾ÑŽÐ·
http://?cXRtYWlCM056WjNUd29XTjUwMlphdFdiMG9IZTZwWFJMOWlld2tXVVhWSE5VSm5jWk5tVTRra2V1UkZjT1prVEpaSGVKTkdWVEJEY2taRk0wVWxOMTVrVjF4MmNMTjNMb1pWWTRkbGUySTBhR05GZHk5R1Z1RkZWakJYYkZobVNVWjJkeEUwYllKMVE0UkVTM1YwTFJoM1FIZEdXQlJHYXpZbFZtdG1UcEZXWTVOMllxWm5hNXRtTVQ5VWV3UWpVdm9WUnNwMmFLWjJMVGhuWWlsMlpwWjJaaWR6VTJVRE80OWllTEYzU3VoMlZXTnpiU0psZHE5aWNQTjNNb1JYVDRKVlNSMVdOVHBXWjBzU2IzUTJMSEpsTW9CMWNYbEVVVzEyVXB4MlowRmxheDhVZEVsM040QjFUUWh6VXJVM2JRbERid0UwWnZObVJ5b2tVMkZHU2pWWFdxcEdPdHBGT3o5Q2RMbG1SM2trV3lGVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wyKc0nX.png" group-title="International News Channel", Dunya News
http://?dlZqUW1kMUwySTNTckVVTWpaVGM2SnpNcXhFYjJWRU1IZFZNNVlYV2hWbE4wVTNieGxrYklWM015SlVPMlpqVkpOblNTaFhleWNXZWlGVFV5SjBiblZqYnlaM0xERjNaWVozVG05bWQzcG5jVGRuZDRkRk8wZDFMTHhtUXNSWE9YNWthNGd6WnZ0eWR0VlVZUUJWTjMxR1JIVkVkQ2RtZTRSa1dUaFdXM0JuUnNobE1TdEdPQ0pIWm1KVWVCVmxlNmxtTjJkRGRuNWtab2hHVFNoRVZWVm5jU2xuTVgxV1RyTmpkcmx6U1NCM2MxRW1kdE4wYVV4MlYzVXpaMHBuYk5sVFFEOTJjRjVHVFBSR2VsQm5hNmx6YnFSallxQkZSNmRIYVhkRk1rUlRhMW9sZHhsVloxRmpZMHRtVGpOSGF5ZzBVQ0JIY3pwMFMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/43/Sony_Max_HD.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20191222183157" group-title="ULS PLus", Sony Max HD
http://?PUFuU3pBbFRERmphdzhtTk1GamIzTmtNMWNYTkdoWGJXaGpNTVoxYjJoR1c0MTJWM1ZETTFRMlJCUkhNUHRVY3dRa2I0TjFSUmxGYjNORWJ0TnpSMndtU1hORk93QkhlRFpFYjQ1R2M1ZEZXSmhUZVZwWE4wRVdhc0ZqZE54RVNCSjFjMGxGU3FSM00wY1hXdlJWV245Q2MxeGtRNUVUV25aMEx2Y1hPekVuTnprVFdUUkRjenNrWXJrbll4WkhXVkJUZGtWWE1aVlhiclFFY1RkWGNhVkdONWh6S3hJWGF5d21kR04zZHhrRGFhNTJRVEJGYm50bU0zZG1lemwzU3l4a1NETm1jTnAyUXp0eVNuSlRPd2xuYXpwWFNCWkdkNGdWY1l0V1ZyMFdZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/D-QPvXREprDcNJ9Ypfnrxd7nZ3Uil8pHjaZUWWtOQp2hLdYh4yk0KNHOVfih_d5_iA=w300" group-title="ULS PLus", Star Gold
http://?PWNuU3pBbFRERlRldzhtTk1GamJ4TmtNMWNYTkdoWGJXaGpNTVpWYjJoR1c0MTJWNVZETTFRMlJCQkhNUHRVY3dRMFo1bEdlNXcwVXBaSFJROWtSWFIzVXVaRVZHRkRid05IYnhsVWEwMVdhMm9YZWloM1RHVmxUa2hGYXZRMk4zUWpRMU4zTVl0R05KZDJLSlozY2g5eWF3aFhhNHQyUTZwM2IwRW1VdzFXZXdsRlp6NTJiaEYwUnpoRFc1OTJkazEwTVhkV1M1TWxjMGxIYTNWR2VwaERab0Z6UjFobVN3aEhUV1ZFZTVOSGJVaFhPeTlpWnVSRE9RQlhOMHRHVHpFRVVzbG5jMVJWVDBSVlQ0cDFSeFltVUNkbVNIVjFOWmxFYjFOWFp5Qm5S
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/mn%20plud%20hd.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", MN+ HD
http://?PUluU3pBbFRERkRkdzhtTk1GamJuTmtNMWNYTkdaWGJXaGpNTVpGZDJoR1c0MTJWblZETTFRMlJCOUdNUHRVY3dRVWQzTjJZMWhqYXFsMGREWmpOemttZEVwRU54TlRlclZIVU94bVZ2OVNRcnNtYmp0V05oVkhhUFIxZHh0RWJUWmtUMlIwTGFaSFNJRjNWNGxHVUJwMmFIRm5kd3RFZTVSVlJKUjJUTWxYY0x0Q1RQaGxlbTVVTVA5Mk14UlVVdkJuTjFWM1FsVkdSRmxHY1NKRWFCaG1admhEYWl4a1F0OTJSMFlUWWtoVGNQdGlZeEYwYjZSMVo1RldSblZYVk1ObWJJOVNlelVEZUtSVlpucG1UWDFVVUVsV1Eya3pOeU16YUdOVWR2aDBk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://n7.nextpng.com/sticker-png/58/527/sticker-png-pakistan-8xm-television-channel-streaming-media-non-stop-miscellaneous-television-text-logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", 8XM
http://?PWduU3pBbFRERnpidzhtTk1GamJvTmtNMWNYTkdwV2JXaGpNTVpGZDJoR1c0MTJWdFZETTFRMlJCcEdNUHRVY3dRVWQzWkRiU3BYV3FoRmRRQkRWMGdXYXJRM0t4VkZkbXRpUjJzMk4yZDFMd0ZtYWhoblZEWldNNU1UZVRGMWRWUjJkdU4zTHdjMGNMZEdiTFoxVEsxRWVJOXlTQ3QyYXZaVlNxZGpkekJITlVkR2UxZzJaTEZsVTQ0RVVvbDNSRFIyS1o1R1VxOWtXU3RTYm9GalV2MWtad0pXZUJKVFRMQjNhdEpVYzF0eWRhSlhiMkVtUzZsRWFabFhPaWhYZDRJMFphTjNacnQyVk5kbldyVjNhd1UyS3ZsM1FFRnpadmxIY3lWbmJyTW1O
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/ZeeETCBollywoodLogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Zee ETC
http://?PUFuU3pBbFRERnpadzhtTk1GamI2TmtNMWNYTkdCWGJXaGpNTVpsZTJoR1c0MTJWM1ZETTFRMlJCcEhNUHRVY3dRMGM1RjNReUVWVDZGa1dYUlVWT0JIYTNwRVpRSm1iTk5HUnJGMmR0WjBjUEYzWW1kMk5GaFRRNFEzZG5oRVJTNUVPMzlTUlVSbWFyUm5kMTVHZXRWV2Uxa2tOU05VYjRCSGJKOVVSRkpYUmlGV1dyNFdhSnhHZEpWMFF4aGpka1pYWjE0MlF2ZzFNd1pEYXZkV1JJZFdVd0pXYzJZemI2Qm5ldlpsTTRwRWFtTm5hcVZEUjZ4RU1GMVdWQ2xXTzVJbmFLNTBiUGQyVENGM1l5dDJjSXAwYTRrR1cxZFRNWFJEY0RSMEs2cEdl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/MTV_Logo_2010.svg/220px-MTV_Logo_2010.svg.png" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?PW9tU3pBbFRERmpjdzhtTk1GamI2TmtNMWNYTkdoWGJXaGpNTVpWZTJoR1c0MTJWclZETTFRMlJCTkhNUHRVY3dRMGI0VnpjeEExVTQxVVJwTlhOSEJITmpsbWFaOW1jUnRVY3NCRGF5MWtleWhqUzFwMllzWlZVd01sZFBkMmNwUjNNNlpYWTJabVZ5NFdWdVJXYTBVMWJ0bG5VWlpHYjZ4MFJpSm1adGRuVXpjVU1qZERhTTVXY25KblkwUmplVWhtWk9SWFp4WkZjaGxEZDZGM2FYTlVUclIzY3ZwbGFUZFdaamQzTVlGbGR2VjBiclFuY3VCSGRDWlZSWGQyWmtsbGV0SlhiYXAxUlhSVVJ4ZDNOSFYwVnJjSFJXbDJja1pVY2t4VVNrdDJj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.indiantelevision.com/sites/default/files/images/tv-images/2015/05/22/9x%20jalwa.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Jalwa
http://?PTRtU3pBbFRERlRkdzhtTk1GamIwTmtNMWNYTkdCWGJXaGpNTVpWYjJoR1c0MTJWclZETTFRMlJCMUdNUHRVY3dRMGI2UlVVVnBuUm5OVE1ubG1Uek0zUktkV2VLcDFjeEpqZXV4ME1yVlRZbXBWTndVbmIzcDNVUVZXYXJFelF6UnphdjEyUmt0U09uZDJLVFJGT0Y1MGN4TlViMHhFTzVSMU40Z2tZNU5IU0x4MGMzUWthRFpHYzVkRmFuRldleVkwY3M5R2J5b2tWM0FEYnprM1lCZFVhckowTVlGek5ERm5XVFZYUXF4VWFwaEhjNU16VDBSVGVvZERleWNIZWp0eU5yaEdkUmxrVFdOalUxVldaeXdrVVVWWE94RnpUWE5GZTJjWFFGSlZl
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.the-ba-group.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/b4u-music-logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", B4U Music
http://?PXdtU3pBbFRERlRjdzhtTk1GamJuTmtNMWNYTkd4V2JXaGpNTVpGZTJoR1c0MTJWMFZETTFRMlJCRkhNUHRVY3dRMGM2dFVhVkZuYTZObE12VmtOTmhYU3dZa1RoWkZlUXRDVnRoRWM0ZEhNeGgwYU9WSFRVaFdUTGRVY21KRFZwVlZaNHBWUnhFM05hdDJZbHhXTXlNMGJrVmpRSHRrUXE1a1dxOVdiNWNIVEVsR1MzcEdhVzVtTkhKbWN3ZFRkSkpUZHRkWFlKaFdUdnQwYXlRVWROVmtRNVJrVFZoRGNSWlhiaHRtZTFzRWJycEdldngwVHdaMVl0cG5aRFozZGtGRVRQOTJjaXRVVnZaR2VwSmxZTkZXUXdzbVpyNG1iMjBXYXNabE1SVkZk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://myshowtime.net/webtv/channels/jalwaa.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Jalwa
http://?PUluU3pBbFRERmpldzhtTk1GamJ4TmtNMWNYTkdwV2JXaGpNTVpsZTJoR1c0MTJWMFZETTFRMlJCSkhNUHRVY3dRMGI1MVdOT0ZWZXVkalRESm1URzVXU1FSek5DNUdjelYxYXNGVFR0ZDFZVGxIVEhOblU0UXpNczlTY0ZoRmJoeFVkcWQxYzRobWJXRlhXcTVXVTFjVGVxbDFRTFZEYXZWVmI2OUNNdXAzUTBwblFqSlVjT05EUmtObFMwOVNXQ1JuU3M1R2RuSjFOdzEwYnhBRE1GWmxib3RpU0JoRE1EcEdkNXBGZUhSSGNQaEZVdGhtVnFKMU1RZFVTbXRXY3A5R09yZEhiV1JGU2toMVIxaGpRMWdqVUtablVaRlZjd01HY0NSbmF4VlZk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/e24-tv-channel-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", E24
http://?PUFuU3pBbFRERlRidzhtTk1GamJuTmtNMWNYTkd4V2JXaGpNTVoxYzJoR1c0MTJWdFZETTFRMlJCUkhNUHRVY3dRRWUzMVVaWGxUVjRSa1VJUmplbVZYUkhkMVNsTnpjd3R5VUtSemF6TmxZUmQxWlJkMlp3a1RibHhHZXlaamNsTmxONVJqV3dBVFpvbG5XMk1UWjRzR2R6bFZOQlZFY25oVmVsSm5Vd29XUXZSWGRWNVdhNGRYYnNaalV2QkZiVjl5ZEY1MmJ5RVRPU05VZXlkelZUQmxjcnBrVTNoa1lSZG5RczlVV1ZWRWRQQmxNVTkySzFSMWJYeEdNeWgzVG1oMFM0TmpjRTUwZEZGemFzZDJNdFpqWXE1V1pFWkZad1JXYzNVRlZKVjNh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/618036953/music_india.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?PW9uU3pBbFRERmpldzhtTk1GamIzTmtNMWNYTkdkWGJXaGpNTVpWYTJoR1c0MTJWcVZETTFRMlJCSkhNUHRVY3dRMGIzaG5ieUJUYXRaMlNoZEZVb1pIVHFCMU1pRjFiekpUVmFsSGIyMTJiREp6VjNBSFR6RnpOTTlDZE1WRU5EWldjNU5uWTRSblRNWlhldnRrUmxwbWJ4bEVUelZVZDFWVlcxY1RiQjFtWnRabFVhTjFkbHRHUzJKWFc2Sm1OWUZHY1hwMlFyUlRVWFJIZXd4MmRPeG1adFJsYmlwR2V6OW1Ta1pYYzFKRmV3OFdUWWRqUTVKelp3VkdSa3RXY3JaR2F6a2xibVpGYko5Q04wOVdabFJHZEg1bVN6ZEVkTWhUYlMxbVV5b1hZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/M/music-box-russia-logo-6A5FA79FB5-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Box Russia
http://?PWdtU3pBbFRERlRhdzhtTk1GamIwTmtNMWNYTkd0V2JXaGpNTVpsYjJoR1c0MTJWblZETTFRMlJCcEhNUHRVY3dRMGI2TnpOckluTjBKVmRySlRjMjBXYVY1MExaTkRiMEpsZXZGRVRwbGpVaEZEZVNwbmNLSkVVMHRDYXhvMmI1OFNjNVIxY1JGRE1hQlhPU1JGT3hvVmV3UVVPeVZUVHhkMFE1bDFkUnBHVDJ0V09aTlZla2hVWVI5Q1VvSmxXUWRVUjJJWGFuRlZicDEwWkRWelVsZFhSb2wwZGlCVlJJbDNMbWhtYVhOM2Mzc1ViajFtTXpSM1Z4QWpValJYVFdkMWEwa0VlR3BFVFpGRFZxVkRSWTEyTm10V2I0RVVWb0ZWYmpOSFVZWmti
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GjGiNIA.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", CHCé«˜æ¸…ç”µå½±
http://?dlJFZTAwbVkxOTJaUVZtYXhkRGJwaG1UNkYzZHdGR1J4SWplNE1uYlNCVlRwbFZidkJuV3g0R2M0aFRZNXNVVEg1MlNzUnpWU0pUZDVFbWJ4eEdaMkpWZFY5R1ZGTkhPMDBFTzR4a2N6TlRTMmxWU3hOallDSjNhVnhtYktSRVZpUm5kMVZFYzVrMWN1ZFdZa0pYVDJSSE0wWUhkcTl5Y2xOblcyUnpkdWxtWTVCVk82bFdOUlJqUVhwR2FvZDJZNFlEZXpCVE0waFZiWDFHVDNCVmRVWmxjcmxITjRBWE11RlRadnBrYlZwV1NLRjNLREJIYVVSMU5rZEZPM0pqYXhRVFZuSjNkUzFVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.iptvmate.net/5e933b41b3bdf92f6965c700.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Istiqama TV
http://?MmRYUlhsVFQxZEdWYU5uZExKamF0Um5OcWRrZXFwRVpyUUZUYXAyUWlKMGIwUm5iRjlTYm1SVk1xaERUemhtVnJrblZ6cFVRUkpWYUJSR2FPRldZeU5sYm5obk0xTVhSUkZUYUI1bWN2SUZjMklVY3VKbE5uUmtXRmwzTWxGRmRNVjBab0ozTFZKRmVvOWlNNHNDUjNoSFNKaDJieU1rYTNZM1JNTjNUdk4zWmtSV095OG1iUGgyUjB4MmQ1dG1TRDUyTTNkMVI0RlZiNDBtYUdoRE9OTmpkV2RFZDZOelJ1VlZiTmxsVmpCSFdUUmxadUZHY1JoSGNCSm5VNFYzWVBSR2VETm5XR0pFYkg1a2J6UlZNVUpHZXBGak5YUlVielVIVzQ5R2NvQmxiMkZYV2o5VWMzNVdVbmQzTDJsR05xbGpOM0UwWlh4a1lCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/alJj9sb.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Boogle Bollywood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/uk-wesal-tv.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Wesal TV
http://?cE5EVnJsamFRcEdXSE5XVU01VWJKRmtTRU5uUW9SRGM0bDNOaTVHT3ZWa1NrSkRkaGhrU3ZBVFFucFdlMTAwUnUxR2VGRjBTd29HYnhCSFYwSWthemRXZE5kM2FzRlhRcncyTTNnRmR3SUhjMmRHTXBwbGJCVlRZRlJYU3VGRE9hUlRkM1ZXT0tSMFI0UjNMVWxqU3VSM1RrTmpNTkpUZUlSVFk1WVRkdVpUYUQ1VWVhMW1jWHAzZHhZSGJJaHpaMFFqTm9WMEtHWm5jQ0ozVTFnMFQ1TUVlNVVEYm9wWFM0QjFONk5IVEhoWFE0cDFObEpqZXBoSGFtWjJhbnBWWVBkbk1oaFhURXRXZU9oRWNKaDNRdkJUYnVaMVMyazJNanAyUmhSV01rdGtlc0pXTnBKRFR6RmtheTBtTkdwWFNtcDBjcUYzWjVKM1YzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¡Ñ‚Ñ€Ð°Ð½Ð° FM
http://?d3RtY3JnMmQ2bFdNdTVVVGlaamFFTlVOeVZFY3pOMk1zZFdkaXBHT2pCSFZxQkhhSlptVElwbE5vVldSR2RHY285MmR3MGtTMmRUZWlOemN4TVRidEpsYUxCbFVPQjNNMGNsWVpaSGFqRkVTS2RGUnlKMmQyZFdNWnhXWjVJRmN2eGtiRDlTVnJRa2MyUlhTekUwVHpvSFd4Z1ZPNmREYWxwMWFVRldZcEZXVHRobVdreG1aa2xUU2h0U2FyWVhhbGxtTjVCamVYbGtjQ2hYUlFWalRtdEdhRkJuYXlZRVVvcG5RbTEwUU94bVY1dHlSMmdEZFpSWFpvUnpRcFJGZDQ0VWQxaFhONlJEV3JZV2JsZG5jMlFsVG9OMFJFMUdVRWwzVGloSFV6UVRlWFJtVHhrMmEyTnpLR3BGVlhabmVaSlZONWtuYVVsV1Q1YzFOeDFrYkxkV1I1azJNMUpYU0VWV2JzaDNTNFlsVHNSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Desi Channel
http://?NkpYVGtaVFVwaEdid0ZtU0ZobGIxRjBNd3AzTXZKa05UdGtOWUozTUpCRFV3RWpjMmhHTVJkMmNwRjBkdFJsVDJ3MmM2QlRUeHBWZE45eVJ0NTBTNDVtYTJaa2FDZG5SV0ZEVHJObWVwbDFiRGhWU3Faek1DTlZldmtHZG5oR1d4TVhkUkptV01GVE5xUmpieWttVVExbWN6ZEVVQ3BrZGtGVFVHbFZhMXhXWlVKV1F1cFhNYVJGYjNJemNSRjNMcEJsTXhsWFozc2tUWVYzU0JGV09yOFdlMzVHZU5sME0xSjJkakJ6YjZSblRsaEdVME4wY3JkbmQ0a2tiNWxHTUVoalVDeG1jdnR5TXNwVWEwNG1ieWNqVHNWM2JoTlRSTXBXVjNVM2ExVWtkU04yS3VCemR0bDJWMVlrTjRJblNaOTBhTTUwWndGbFVhaFVXeUJuYkVKbVE1a25OMlFHYm9KRmR2b25lVWxqYXBsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", SBi Music
http://?MmRXU2pSRmRhcG5Wd1FrVTZWVmRXbEZTMUlsUXhORVpDVkdNM2dtTUhOSGV5RTJkenBYT1RGbFF5ZGxVSkpEVTVJWE1hQlRXYUZVZXdNVmUwZFhUMVJsV0ZKMlp5QVhWcGh6TEtGR2V2RkRjdXhrUjNsRlJaTmtZalYzUjZoVGRyUkhiMmNVYzVsRlN1NVVTNDhVU1k5R002RmxkeEZEYngxMllYNW1ic3RHTTZGVmVsQjNMM1ZtVzZkWGVERkZlMHhHTnkxR1U1ZzBjMGcyUzRCMVoyd1dkRnRFVzRGV1RvVkdPRjFtUXg1V2J4UjJkdmxVZTRCRlR1SkdSMGhFZE5ka1p4dFdNM0FIVkxSVWRYZG1SM0ltVnFCVFluVmpNeTUyVDZWR2M0TkVlRGR6Y3pNMVV0RlhXWVJYY1Z4bVZQTlVReU4xWkxKR2R5YzNMcVYwTkdOSE9yYzJMdk5IWmh0VWFIMUdlM0pGU3RWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/0gsamt5l40x1qgo/Music%20Top.png?raw=1" group-title="Music Channel", Music Top
http://?dVpIU0RSM013MDJUekpVVXlWbWR6RWpVelIzZG9ka1E1UUZkRU4zVWxoemJDaEVieEVGV3JvMGQ1ZEdScmRFUzJnM1RTQmpZWXQwYXJGMFZJOWtSemxUVG9SRVUzZ0hWcmxqZDQ4eVoyUm5RMFlGTXI1V1RhUmxZenBHZHFGRGJVSm1jbTFVVlhwa00ySlRWbFoxYW5kbmNqUlRPNUpIZUtoRWIyRm1jeFpEVkoxMk0wNUdTNDBXTlVWMmNqNUVaejFtTjNsbFcyWVhZMGNtYnpaektrMTBhd1ZFTTQ5bVFxQnpkNThDY0hoWFR3aEdXMjhDYXhGRVMwTm5id0ZuTWgxa1p5ZzNSSTFFYjA4a2R3Y1dOMmhsZXNkMUx0SldRclUzYVBaSGJ5VUZiRkZrVnpKek0wWnpWVkpGY09wV01yRkVUdDVVZVBaa1puMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Italia Vision
http://?M04wUXo0VWJFeG1ZMVEyTEVwV2VtdFVScHBXT25aalJVWjFLM1puUmFSRFdrUlRhaFpFVmlOblo1VjJaMEZYTUJwMk1wWlVOTXRDYnVaWE5pQkRUdEZuYkxaVVpXdEdNcWRrYkhoa2RRZFROR0ozUXloWGJ3azFMMVozVHBObk5qcEViNVVUUnpWalNwZDNiU1ZtTXNGM1Y2MVdPNE5WYjQ1RWJuVjBUdTEwUklaVVdETlhNek1qUjVjM2MybHpRSEZqVW9GRmVVOVNkSEpYUXprVk9QTldkaVJtYUxGelZ1TldiNEJUY3JGSFdCTkZiVVJVZHg5U1locEZWNmxGUlJkVWN6MVdRM05FUmtsRmFpOWlTbTltVHU5aVd2VW1hcVJuVllKMlV4bFhkcUpsYU9aamIzbFVPMmRHZDBrbVkyWUVXMjVXZXVGR1puMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/Aaj_tak_logo.png/200px-Aaj_tak_logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", Aaj Tak
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", m2o TV (Music)
http://?NkprZExKVFdCdFdPeTgyZFFGamRuMVVPNElXZDFCelNWVkhjdjgyWjJCVlJVSkRhMEFYVXdzQ09vbG1jellUYkZwM1RzVjFVUWQzZFNsMmRzUm1iMU5YVDZsVGN1bEhNM1pHVHBkRGJrUjBOeFowVHloMFZOdFVOeVFIZHc4MFNESlhiNFVsY0xkWGN2TmtUbDVVV3pCWFU0WVhXSWxEY1dWV1lTbFZVcFpFZXpwbVRhRm5aRWhVT0dCbmVTTm5aeVlYVTFOVE8yZEZPekVYVmxKa05yZGpkclkzS21wRWV5UkhiamhYTUhOSGJ3VWxTVHBHYnJWVVMyUVZUcFoxZFhwWE15QUhTd1FVVFA1VWIzWWxjeVoxUnpkbU12ZFhPczVtWkVKbk1PWmtiT0ZtZDJkWGV2RkRTMEltYUxSblZ6WkZiSWREYm1WM01NWlhjNjVXYkVaMmRNOTJRR3htVDZKVWFScGtjSzUwYXhsVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/34/Radio_m2o_-_Logo_2019.svg/1200px-Radio_m2o_-_Logo_2019.svg.png" group-title="Music Channel", M20 Musics
http://?cUprZExKVFdCSlhPeTgyZFFGemNuMVVPNElXZHJCelNWVkhjdlEzWjJCVlJVSlRkMEFYVXdzQ081bG1jellUYkZwMlRzVjFVUWRIYlNsMmRzUm1idE5YVDZsVGN1OUdNM1pHVHBkVGVrUjBOeFowVHpoMFZOdFVOeVFIZHc4MFNESkhkNElHY0tsMGF1MVVORXBsZWkxV2UwSjBUTmwwZG1aek4yZERPeEZHY1RGekxGbEdlalJWWVlkamQydDBaQ0YxTHZSRFd0ZFVTeTBtZFNGa1ZzcFdkbnBtYVRkbFpxbEdNNFFsZXpoblV3SkdOeFoxYnVkR2UxWWpXNTVVT05obFRIaDJRRVJFTW5sVmFTSmxaclVIYnBWRFZFMUdSTlJIVzVZWFlScEhibzVXVFpaRVZ2cEhiNWRrTmFkblZraFVSQlJsYkJKVFpSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Makkah TV
http://?cUowTHUxVVVRZG5XQmhEYjRWR2VXUkZlRUZIVG94R2J5RVVTdjBXWnB4MlRQQkZiNE1tUUI1R1M0QlRNendHVXlCSGJqVkVUNTh5ZEQ5VWJ4cG1TM1pqWU1wbVpJRlhRdWxVT3A1R2FWcFhWMUUzVnJkbVpFRmpZbmRIVEhGVGRybFZjeW8wTFRsalYxVkRPMnBtYWo5R1p5Y0ZkaTl5Y2tKbE41Vm5WdEptVkpWaldQWlhiM1ZWYlV0R2R6Y1dVR05VUnNsbFVNeEVad2dHYUxKbWF3Y3pjcTFrYWtKbFF5WldUUVZtZHBkblEyUVZTMmtFZEpoemQ0Vm1SczFVZWlWa1V6VTNTSVJtUnNGVWFzOVdld1YzYTN4MlNXcEZUd3cyS0Naa1l2cFVlb2xHY1Yxa1Z2WkdhMGhUYXhsR08ycFhZclZFZUoxa00zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dabangg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Dabaang
http://?cXRFYUVSMVJZNUdiNUZVUkZoa2U2cG1ZbWRFZHZsVVFIUjBLT1JuVlZCalN4RWxlbloyVnhGV1k0TkdUVmQzUTBrMk1sTldkMXRFYmlGRmM1bzFVbngyVTJnVlU2Qm5WdllEU2paRmQ0OXlOT0JYYnFSRk8zQkhNNW9XTXRORFN1RmtkaFZHYzY5bVdweDJVVVYyTjRjV2FZRlROSlJHYXJWVE5QZEZXcWhrUk5KVlF3WlhkVGxHVG5GbWQzZFZReUFWTjExa1p6UjJWRDkyUXhBRlNLZHpiNUlrYzQ1MGNwdENidGhqZGxaSFVKcDBOMVZVYURoVmNRbFdReGRrZXY4MFM2Sm5VMk4wS1lsR2NuTkhjTmRWWm5OV2R2TURaQ2hHVDNKWFVKdDJiUFozUTBna2MwSkRhUkJWY3pZWFRqTlhUd0pVZXJRWFkzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Express
http://?MjlHVjRNV1JRMUdUR0ZtTUhkVmN5QjNkMklIZDFwSGFMWjFTMUJuYlo5Q2VhcFZhS3BVZFpoMFRwbDNUMHRTZXlKbk1IUlVVb0JEYVNwblVXOXlWMDFVY2xaM1R6cFhRMlYwTXdCemI1QTNkcXBVT3laRVRKUmxkeUEzUVNoelR2Z2tlcE4yZEtoMWNvdFdPVTUwZEloblRFbDJUSEJGYzFkbFk1UmxUMEprWnJGMWJTTm5idnRDYU5KVWNRVlZkV1JUY3ZOVVd6WVRVdmNXTlNwbmNuQkRhM1pUVzFVME0xQjFWeFVHVzJrSFpIRkRjdU56Y0RSVU0yNEVkcWxIU1FaSE13MVdUcmxsZElSM2JYRlZSTkZYWXFCamU0SkVhemhtV25SR1ZSTkVhbWRVWm9WelN5MUViTXhXWndjSGJyY1hjME5qZTBWR1J3ZEZPNVJGYjNVVmRpVlhWTWwyTHBoSGEycEhPbk5qYnAxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko STAR
http://?dTlHVjRNV1JRcEdUR0ZtTUhkbGF5QjNkMklIZDFwSGFMWjFTMUpuYlo5Q2VhcGxhS3BVZFpoMFR3bDNUMHRTZXlwR01xRmpkYWxtYzVObE0waG5WemRsVTRJbGRRMUdWeWhVWTM1MlpFRmtXbjVHVTRselIwY25OMjAyWnc1RVczOGlhc3RrY05Ka1JzRlRWdUJUTlRCbk5odFNUR2RGYk9oM1FaZGtXcDVrTktabGFGMVdTVlJUWU9Oa2UxNEdNMmtUV3hOR1NGRkdTR0ZuWW1kRGIyUXpiNkpFU1QxVVN2bERWbUJuTlQxV2R6RWtUbmwwYkVoa1RMRjNLNk5YU0w5Q2FQcG1ZV1IxTDZwM2NUbFZkeU0zVW85U2FTUlVPeGRtVnZWbmRIZDNiUFJVYVdWRFoyVlVPek5WWjQ5Mk5QdFNhSEYzZFAxMlNKQjFhb0ZYU3hNekx1bDNRNEpHY0laMGJSVm1TckZqYnhSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko
http://?cjlHVjRNV1JReEdUR0ZtTUhkVmR5QjNkMklIZHFwSGFMWjFTMUpuYlo5Q2VhcFZhS3BVZFpoMFRubDNUMHRTZXl4bU1yaGpXT1JIY1g5aVZPZEROekoxYjJoM1FaNTJVeXBGV1NsV2Q0ZDFjMUFuZDY1R1VVUnpSbk5uVXpRSFZDMUVjU3hVUzBNWE55WlZXMGRUVE5wWFJJcDFVek1YY1JOMVRGNUVhMmhuVUY5a1FDNTJZYUoyTnhZa2N2OVdOeGxXUW9sVFJyRTFaUWxtVHU1RU9oUmtjRTEyUTM4RWR4WkVSbFJWYW9kMkx0cDBVRUoyZFNKRVQwbzJVNXhtYjA1R05PcG1kMFVUV2paRWVsdFVWcllrZTNwMlZDaFVaekFuY1cxV1V0RkhjMndHZU9GM2F3QkZOQmhIVkQxV1p5Wm1WNE0zWms1a1oyTUhhcEprUWxsMmFGSlhZVXQwY1NGVWVEaGtjUFoyWTZkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824764_ico.png?ts=1613203903" group-title="Hindi Channel", UTV Action
http://?PWtuTTNrVE1YWmxieUpFT3JRa1ZwZGtUNVJYWXRKWFkwd1dTS2hUZW1oRU8zUWtOc3RTZDJBM1V4b1dNc1JEYnlsVWRrWjJieDh5TDROMGNMbGpNMFYzVTExVWJrRkVjM1VWVnJRbk5xVkVUS1ZqTW5CM1JqUmtWenBuZWpOVmNWSlZTckpGZU5GMk1DZG5XVEZrUTV3MlpUUm5SMElHY3FCbmJaUjFTNXdtWnd0R1dyQkRhemwxVXdKVWV5NVdOWWxGV0NkM0s1dzJjNk5tZG9aa2RsdFNkb0psWnZSV2FtdEdUM1ZsYTBCM2JUdEVNWUJYUjBWbU5VQkRPSzEyVDVka1FycDFiM1pXYTFVbU5vTlRWRlpVWTF0bVQzUVhaaTVVZUY1a2JEMVVi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Urdu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV YO!
http://?MWRWUkxOMGRQSlhUSWxWT1psbGFCbGtVek1UUjRObmRIdHliVGhtTndobWF4aEhkS0ZGUjBWek56SjFTckIxUlNkR2RwVlhRaEZtYkxORWNzMTBVMlpXYVB0a1ZRTm5XQkpETzJWRWFxSjNhRWQxTHdSbFFrNUVWVnBYVFF4MFJHVkdicjFXVVFObGF2cG5VMU1IZHg1MlN2TUZjREJYZEpwR1VQVmpZbmwzY2hGbVdRQlhiaGxWTjFZelpYUmtjUVIwZDRsRVN3dzBadDFXWVRaRmJYTkZkWDFFWjVSbVR5SnpZdlpIUllobk4xOUNkWXR5ZHJvV1lobG1adkYwVkRkMmI0QkhXa3RXTmp0MGR6ZFZNM0oyTXcxR1cyOEdSUmRYTTNZME5NRm5hS0IzTDI0VVF4Tm5jeVpHVjFvM2N5RmxOelVHYUx4a1EwNUVkNGwyYTNSa1pDeEdjbGgxZHNkSGREUkVkTlZVWXpGVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Biggest Pop
http://?eWRWUkxOMGRQbFhUSWxWT1psRmFCbGtVek1UUnZObmRIdHliVFZuTndobWF4aEhkS0ZGUjBWek4wSjFTckIxUlNwR2RwVlhRaEZHZExORWNzMTBVdFpXYVB0a1ZRbG5XQkpETzJWa2FxSjNhRWQxTDNSbFFrNUVWVjlXVFF4MFJHVm1jckJYZHlRa1RySmxiVmhIY3AxMlR0UkVTTjEwZHFCWFdPOWlhek5EY2hoblFVMW1UbGRXZXZWVGVXWnpicU5sVjFKWFR6aGpURE5IZE1sSGFVVnphM0UwYVk1VWN2SkVSd2RGZGo1bVY2RnpjcnhrZHJOMmRzTjBZd2gxYUxoM2M0YzNjTE4xTWlwSGJJcDFiVGhETzQxVVF1dFVPU2xYVklOVU8wcEZjNWNVWWs5VWQ1RnphMkVqVkVabldLRlhjRTFrZFJwSE5RcFVXMWxVWlBKMExINTJiNUZGV0dWM2MxSlVTcTlrYTYxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Block Party
http://?dWRWUkxOMGRQaFhUSWxWT1psVmRCbGtVek1UUnpObmRIdHliVGRuTndobWF4aG5lS0ZGUjBWek41SjFTckIxUlNSSGRwVlhRaEZXYUxORWNzMTBVM1pXYVB0a1ZRbG1XQkpETzJWRWNxSjNhRWQxTHBSbFFrNUVWVjVXVFF4MFJHVm1lckIzYXNaRld1Wm1WWTlFVlNwV2NxRjFhSk5XYXZrMU1hSm5hblJXTngwa2RGZDJSR3RTVzE4RWU0WVZZcllVTzB0eWJXVkdUMTgyY3ZCblZoWmpiMWNXWlFoR1V5eG1TVGxFT1A1V1ZXZHpVSjUwZDNFMVRIZFdUbk4zTXhrM2R2a25UUkZHVVF4V2JRRkVkc0JIUjRsVWN5OUNTUlpuZU9obFZ6bFhhdjgyWmtkalQ2aHphVWhsYUpobVVIWm1ZR2xEZFlWRWJpbEdPcUJUV0dkSE9xOVdXV1IyY1JsbGJLTlRVRkozVTNOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Spankin' New
http://?dGRWUkxOMGRQZFdUSWxWT1psRmFCbGtVek1UUm5ObmRIdHliVEJuTndobWF4aG5iS0ZGUjBWek51SjFTckIxUlNWSGRwVlhRaEYyY0xORWNzMTBVNVpXYVB0a1ZRaG5XQkpETzJWa2RxSjNhRWQxTDFSbFFrNUVWVnBXVFF4MFJHVldjclpuUTNKalE0dENVc2QyUkV4R1oxbDNUd0VqYzJsVWF1UkdhblIxYkZobmEzbG1WMFZHY1NsVWRpZEZlQkpGT3hKVWJNNVdRNFlYTld0VU9LTkZjRUozY0NGV1p0WkdadGRHVXlkWGQ1Wm5WTVpXYWxsVk1VbFdkNlZEYXJsbFNHZDNLUGhuVUc5a2RteFVZdjlDZW9Salp1VmpTaFYzYzNVR1JDVjBkMW9YY1h4RVQzcFVUSkpIY1BKSE1yTURiQkZHYVRwa2FxSjNUd2xVUjBJRmFDMW1VblYzTU1KVmQ0QlRPMlluVW5WVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV WMA
http://?emRWUkxOMGRQbFhUSWxWT1psVmFCbGtVek1UUnpObmRIdHliVFJuTndobWF4aG5hS0ZGUjBWek55SjFTckIxUlNsSGRwVlhRaEZHYkxORWNzMTBVMFpXYVB0a1ZRWm5XQkpETzJWMGNxSjNhRWQxTHBSbFFrNUVWVlpYVFF4MFJHVkdlcnBXWVNoalRuaFhZRVZWZHhnSFdWZEhlb2h6ZDVrM1lEaEdPejEwWnZWVlRQbEhhWEJYWXJkMmR6aFhScVIxVTNsalZKVkdieU1uZUdGVFlxVjFaUmQwYlRabWV6ZG1hVVJtVTBwMmRqUjNUMEJIYUZOblZ2WVZZbzVrWUZWVk5OQm5WSGRqVHE1bWF2eDJjaU4yVTJWMVlFSmxSRVZIZWs5a1pMRkRiMUIxVTZGalZ0SlRPckFWYndVWFUwY2pXM2xuYjBZMFVSUkVaemQwYTBwRWNoZEhTd0VWUUhkVGJNbFZUcHBVUzZOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ BY
http://?dHAzY0xWMmN2UUhSM1l6UkpWemNuSjBWeFlrVDJsR2M0Y3pNSDlXYkZGRGJ2VWtiV05YUmtaWFd1aDFNakpsUnZNbmVaOVVOaEpqZVRGbFZGWlZhNFprZFVoM1JyODJaS3hXTzBORGNNVjJjMVVYVzBWRld6WVZTVnBYV25GRE16WTNaVDEwUzNnVFMxQm5iR1JITUVKSFd6aDJRV3BWYTNOVGM0MVVkdXBWUm1aMU0zY1dlWVZXTnZZRmR3UkRPNG9uY3N0MlR4RkRXQlJuYTU0R09ZbGxheGtVWUdaRFV2bEVUeGRtTnFwSFZwVkhSTXBIZFpSWFM0VUhXdFpFT0RoMkxGcG5XaWRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ BY [FHD]
http://?NHAzY0xWMmN2Y0hSM1l6UkpWelpuSjBWeFlrVHFsR2M0a3pad1luTmFoWGIzUlVkeXhFT1pGM2FzWlRSTHRVTnAxR1ZSWlRlMEZYZUhKa1V3RWtZNHRrUXlZRGEzTjNkMFJtZHhnMGRLZG5Za2hWVjRGamFoWlZkclJuVjR4R2FwbEVjdmtrUjFoRVQ2cDFSSHhXWnVKbldxVjFLeklGYnc4Q1YyTVZNdkoyWUxaa01IWkhiMElIU3dVSGFGNVVWemRWYnlaV2I1bFdSenBHUms5aWNJbFZiMFFHZXdnM1F3eDBVSnBYVHp3bWNZSkZUWU5qYTBNbFJ6STBRcWhEU3NCamNyOG1kaTlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ RU BY
http://?MnAzY0xWMmN2OEdSM1l6UkpWamJuSjBWeFlrVHNsR2M0Z1RWRmRIUlZoMWE0NW1jdlZsY2FGVlMxRkRWM2wwUjU5bVNFUkZiaXRTZDBCbGRRZFdXd0ZXV2taRGM0OG1OdnBFVmtkbmR3SmtZck4yYXJaVE1wZDFZWDlHU2lKa2VUWldjclFuWjVjSFc0WlZXaVZtVHJnSFpVdG1ObkIzYm1CVlZ5ZzFSeEZVWk5obU5vRkhjSFJuWnpSWGEzZERlTTVrTXlwSFI0OFVXeFFYVlhWMFl1ZFdld2tEVXZsblJ1eDBicnRXY3Q1V2JyY3pUTmx6ZE81RVVpZFhjNFYwU0NoMmRWMW1lMWNXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ RU HD BY
http://?NXAzY0xWMmN2d0dSM1l6UkpWRGNuSjBWeFlrVDNsR2M0c0NhMW8yTEkxRWFwdEVjMklqV3dBVlp5bG5hcHBuVDQwR2RSSkZPUXRtYXlSbU0wOGliNHBFVVVwSFZVZG5ZRVIyTUNoR2VHdDJTcEZ6UjFkRFdzbDFVUzVXZUdwMVJ5bHphQkJYWWFoRlpzZDBkc2wzU3BCSGIyazNRM29VYzZaSFZLNVVTNU5HZXF0a1UzaFdUR0pGV1daV2EyWlZiekVWY3dWWE1qZFhOcUJuTnhZV1JHRjJjUkIxWjVaVVN5aGtZS0pGTjRGSGN4QnpaNUJWZVJKVGVxTjFMM2hVZUJoR2NKNW1XQ05YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/Russia-today-logo.svg/200px-Russia-today-logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", RT
http://?ek5UV1VwbWV0aFhVV1pUZVdKRWFyMWtNSlpVVG54R1Q0VUdNYVZIZU5aMWQ1cEVkb3hVY3pZMVMwSlRheFEzWlBwbWNDeFdUdmN6ZGpKbVltVkRTeUZUV3JvR1dtZG1RSEoyY1k1a2NUSlZVanBYUTJ0aWNvOVNjR0ZYYzFsMFR6VUZkd3NDVDNNVlV4RlhNV0JYU2FsV1ZaOTJZM3NDYjNrM2NJRm1UdEZFV1hGRk1LZFhWeVF6WTVKamNpRldSSlYxY3hsR2J4dEVURFZYVGtObVZ1Vm5kWlZXZW1wMFFzVjBSTnRHVklCWGE1a1daMUVFYU9aWGREQm5TNjVVYUJsbFFJcDJTRmREUjFoMWJsUlhlVDltU3k1a1lOeDJNcmRXVzVGVWUxUmtjMGwxUzNSamFwRmtOdmMxUW45bVdGRmtkd0JGYjZobVRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Ð¡Ð¢Ð Ðš HD
http://?dlpUU0NaMlNGeEdTa1pUWjFaWGJTaDNZRjFHZTRsMFN6cEhPbUZYY1BKVFFaVm5idHBVZXg5VVR2ZFVWcHRpYzRWSFpxRmpTcGhuZWFsM1ZsNTBRdWRGTVdKV2NOdFdlNUZIVjVKV2VKUjJLdmdWZTBoWGFtcDNVeGdYZHVObWExUUdhMUJWZVdkMWFxNTBhTUpFUlV4MlYza1RTTVJFZVJOM1ZKZEZPeEp6Y2FKblVyVW5VWWRtYnI4V2FYSldOM2xsUjVoM1VXTjJSM3htWUJKVFJNeG1jRmRVUjJCMU15OVVVcXhFV0RsR1VCdGlOa1ZuY1hoMkxGZEhSd0ptVFZoWFF2MG1hVkpXVU1aWGR2OEVXbHhXZW9sSE4wY2tkMDUyVmxsbVkyTUZkYTVtUzFKblZ2MVdVd2RuY3lwR1Z6OXlLQ3hXZGhkVWVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608228_ico.png?ts=1613146518" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Channel
http://?dkprV2t0V1M0cG5OSlpYVFdkV2N4MWtXYXRDTnNGak4wMFVaemxHYzRvbllyWVZkeU1YVW4xMlJwQmpjbVpuUnJrblNqcGxaM3QwY2pKMFlYTm5jd04yVEQ5MmExcEhkSmRqYU1KRGVoaDBhTmhUTnBkM0x2OXlSVU4zYXVWbWQwZ1djbjUyWmtGMllvWmxXUFZXV3hsM1J0QjNMNE5GZDBBamRxNUVib2RIT05GVFdNbDJVSlJUVE1KMWJRTldNQ2RVUTFGemR5ZDFUbTlXVnprV1kyUTBaT1JFY3ZkRlU0aGtaTlJVZXNSM1FaZFRaNE4wWlVOSFZpTkZhb1pHUlJCVGN1ZDJkNWhqUXJVemJTTmpZaEptVXl0aWUxTVVWaXRXZU1WV2V3VTJheUltVk5sV2N6RmxNSGhHYk1kR05yY2pVU0ZVZVhobVIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/j7a8hcd.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bible Explorations
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/0c65bafaced938497a2a4caf0306c9d3.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", RETRO MUSIC TV
http://?NWQwZFVobFRhSlhVS0pWYVVKMGJ4QVhWSGQzZHpOblEwUWtNSWhtVHhWME0xSm1hMU1uTkhkemJ3dGtUUFpHV3M1bWJ5UlRhbXRpY0lKbFI1SkZjbmRtYjRaMGRzMVdWcU5FTXFCM2FFOW1kcEZYUXB4VVFuSkhVbXBIZTJkR01ya0VldVJGU1JGM012MTBjNWhtYktWM1FSQmxkbFIxYlo1MlpPVjFNMEoxYmw5MFFYZEhVdkVIUjNwWGVzOTBiRlpHVTRsMGFpWjJMdFJuY0NGa1VXQlRjSmRFWnowMlY0ZFdVYXBuYXdsV1NXUmpVTHBFZHhFMlJJbFZWNmxHU0hGWFRzdEdTNUoxUVdSV2VLRkZac2RUWnk5Q2FqSlRXcWhXVDJka1VTVjFiUE5WZXFaM2M0QlhWNFZrWnJwWE1KUlRadGh6YnpWRmMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Swamiji TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/797677_ico.png?ts=1613149919" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Nagorik Tv
http://?NVoxVnlGWE9IdG1SM2gzVU1kbGNVMUVhVWhsUnJ4MlF4a2xUWjEyU1ZkVlI1VmxjdkZVVUVkSGN6SmtUMVUwUjVSM0s0Y2xheUoxZElSMk5uTjJNdGRWTTJRMEtFaG5TWHhHZHZFMlpwTjNZVlZFZW5CRGVtSmxZM04zUlhKVVRSWkViSGREY3ZjVFU0SkZid2tIT3JkMlVQaDNNQzVrY2FOa2VaSlRUNWRqVnJRR1pXbG1WSWxWT2lsMWF3VnpWdlp6TnJSRlNRbEVVamxYWjFoMlVHcFZhRUZFVTRVbU50UlhXM0ZUYXZObk4wSmpjRGhUYWFSVU41c0dUcFJFTktWMUtNcEhXd1pEUzNFMGNoZG1jcFJFTXJaVVRhTjFRSGRHZU5aSGFqbDFaeEpFUkVOWFFvdENWSkoxS1c1bWRxRmtXcVZEY2pKbGIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/umdJ2mP.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?MmRVT0VKMks0OG1lMklrVHNOSGNFVjFaM1kyUjZ0RVp6SjBjRmRHVjBWa2V4eFdidjgyYWhabFNyWjNjVE5YTktsM0twaGxiNFJFY01GamRFQmxRdmgwUnpzbWF5SlhkUlZVTzJNM2RNQkZjd1ZrTXBWa1JxOW1NTEpuUk50U056VUViNFFXYm1WbFk1dFVReHgyUXhJWE5HTjFMM0lGYlhGbFd5cGxicTVrY0pKWGFzZEdkSGxWT1RkSGJSSmtjRlYxUnBoV05UaFZhckUzYXJJM1Q1QUZjSnhXYXhZV09wWnpaR2hXWWxablZ3VkdaNUoyWjNoMVlXTm1heDlrU3ZwMUxpSkhVc1oyTVdaMmIwRm5NR1ozYXE5R1RyYzBaNGtuWnRSR1N3RWxjTkZEYzRSMmJxMVVkTUJuZEZoM1JCbFhOQnR5Wk1kM1kzTW5XMXhFV0xoMFZ4bFhieFFFTkRaVGJ4ZFdaM28xVjBSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bEoN2tt.png" group-title="ULS PLus", TV Cinec
http://?czUyUzR0eU1LZDNSM01XT25Ka2UzWUhXRE5HUnZkSGJxZEdhMWsyTlVSbmJxMTJiVFIxU3pkMFlyRm1kelVGVHUxMkx6WTNLNmhtYndaVlYwSUhaMzFVZFBSbWQ0TjNNd05HY0dWVGU2Sm1jRU5VTTFWRmNHUkdXcFJuZHo0MFR2ZzNic2wxUTRSVGU0RkdhdTEyUVA1MlR6SWpVMmdsYW1wMFN2Z3pVcTVtUnlZVFphTlhlNXcwYWpoRWV1aHpkM01XYXBwMFU1OVdRRkZuY25CRE5INVdlblYyVUhKVFE1TmtVd2t6Y1doM2MwTTJaMEZYYzJnblRJTmtVczlVUjZSblI0Y0hXSnAyYnJsRWFRaFhVaTFHWjRCbFFGcDJNMWQzVVNCM1ZWdDJhR0ZuVGlWR1NuRjFLMkVGVzZGSE1FTjNZeFpUY0RGR1JCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ejp65zr.png" group-title="ULS PLus", TV BNO
http://?MGQwYjRBVlQ0VlhaeThHV2pWbGVyVlZVc3RDVG5OSE1GSmtOWEZYWkdabVpEZDBiSFZ6TWFWM016TkZkMlZsVmFwR1VScEhWQ1JVYWtOM001ZG5iMVZGT2k5bWRoVjNjcFZWYlZGemNVZFhTeVZIVHJOV1l4ZHpTbWxXWnd3bVIzazBaSUJ6TllSa2N4UnpiWmh6S3ZvR1JGTmxaNGhVZDM5MmRJUm1RNGRtVnk4U2R0eDJRUk5qVlRoamNrRm1kVHBIWnF0eVFxRmtTNGxHVFBabmQ0QURhVE5qUjJZRmUzVkZXVFZqYXk4V1FsaFdja1ZrZUpaMUxEbHpWNEpVVFRGMllvaEhOeTFVUldWbmVoZFZiaXRVZHVWamU1WVRhekFITTZka2JoUmthM1UwS3hsVVZ5bFhRSFJITXlvR2VNUnpadkoxYzVFV1luMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GPPBEiZ.png" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?c2gwTkRwbVNvaDJRNGxUU1RoWGQ1RURaaFp6ZDRwMGN2TTFLMVFYWTNVMGN5VkViaHhFU1hkamQyRjFUbFZqZVdSbk1CUlZNcGRGY2tOM052RW5jdWhIT2lKRE00QTNVbFJYU2hsMmMyc1dVc0ZuUnVoR1N6UmpNbmhHYTVsRVJOTnpjcjVHUzQ0MlNxSlVSUFIzUnFsR1VZcG5TcGhVYUZSVWJ2RVhPbnBXWjZWWGVscG5SNEFYZDQ5MmJYVkdNd3NrUTZ0U1N3RkZVR1JYY3ZkRmE0cEZkVkZUWk5kRE9uRjFiSk5WYXoxV08xbGxRMnBGYjA0V1ZIRm1Td0ZrV09CamJydDJZMTQyUXVSa2F2dDJOenBtUW9sVmFSSlhaeTFHT0haR1paMUdlVHhVTUtGRmN1cGtSRE5VYXhzMlVLMW1aNGtrY1lKMVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?d2gwTkRwbVNvaDNRNGxUU1RoM2M1RURaaFp6ZDJwMGN2TTFLMWNYWTNVMGN5VjBkaHhFU1hkamR1RjFUbFZqZVc5bU1CUlZNcGQxYmtOM052RW5jdGhIT2lKRE00bzNVbFJYU2hsbWMyc1dVc0ZuUnRoR1N6UmpNblpIYTVsRVJOTnpacjVHUzQ0MlNySlVSUFIzUnFoSFVZcG5TcGhFZUZSVWJ2RVhPb3BXWjZWWGVsZG1SNEFYZDQ5R2NYVkdNd3NrUTB0U1N3RkZVR3RXY3ZkRmE0cDFjVkZUWk5kRE94RjFiSk5WYXpWWE8xbGxRMnAxYzA0V1ZIRm1Tc0ZrV09CamJyOTJZMTQyUXVSa2N2dDJOenBtUTRsVmFSSlhaeUpIT0haR1paMW1kVHhVTUtGRmN0cGtSRE5VYXg0MlVLMW1aNGswYVlKMVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngfind.com/pngs/m/92-923509_tom-and-jerry-png-transparent-image3-tom-y.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Tom & Jerry
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0RcNFXt.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", TV Duga Plus
http://?eHBIVjIxbU56d0dNNFUxY3ZWM1pwdEdWeGgyYzZOSFVqaDJZR2xHTjN0eWMzbEZjMlVrVDFVMU55VkRhclVFU2xkWFcwQlRiU1ZEZElsblp4Wm1hMEpuZHBSemEyUTNRcmcwU1lkMWJqZEhOamRrYXdWVlNDcEdUd1lIT3FsblYxSXpaaVIxVmp4ME5vcFVUbVYxTXdwR2VybzFRcmRXZHg5aVIyaDJLNGhrZHk1RVQ1d0dkeVoyVnFKa2R5TjNUMm8wS25wMk1HVkhkejVtYzR0Q2U1TWthd1IyTjBjV1Y0cEhkRnBtZVd4R1pFZFRleElUY0laR1RwaG1ZcnAyYzV0RWFYQlhUWmRuZDJaM2F5RlZaSk5qYTRKVlZScG5XUzVXVGtKa1NySkdieVIyVUxaa2V4eFVSM1ZWTUdwV2NrVkdXczltY01aVGNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UdcSRtu.png" group-title="International News Channel", The Weather Channel
http://?d1ZHT3I1a1JQVjNWd0ZsY1R4a2FFTjNidmMzVXY1R1dsQlZkcVZYZTNSVFFZaDFhSnhXVXhZbVc1OVNNc0ZFWlpkSE9zWmtkbTlVZHhKM1lSZFZXbmhYUWFwbWMxVUhjb2hEYm1WemFvaHpWU1JqYTBCalU1Y1ZXbWhIUzZka1NIRkRhMFEyUm9obFZySkhWWnAxUmpKWE91Wm5heDh5YUlCWFd6TmpZdEpWTnJoVmNRWjNTUWxHVDRObGMwRUhkU05WTjRoaldyQkhUc1ZuTm1kV01YbGxlQ3RrUzN3V002bFVNT1ZHTmxGbmUzd1dTTmQyY2FoR1dKZEVXNUZIYkV0bVNWZEhOeVZWZFJSMmMyVmxSeEpWZDJoRk56SjFWbWgyVHZzMGJ6QkhjQ1JXU0tGVk90cDJWbkZXUlZ0MlQ2SnpUMXhFYkxaVFVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/100uuWA.png" group-title="Music Channel", Play TV
http://?dVpWUzNoWGVPaG1ZbGRXYUx0RWJGVjJjR0ZIU3ZOVFoxb0hObmhIWnhSVllzOTBhWTlrY3daV1FySlhTMmdXVXJKM05sZDBSeElrYXdWbmJ3bFRUNFZIU1JaWE1ydEdPbU5XVWtObmF5RkVheGNUTW5WSFJGVlZkV3BXYm9aM05UdDBhRGxHT3hJVVEzWjFWUUJqWlFkV1J5Vm1XSk5EZHI4RU1JeG1NdlJ6ZHVOWGJ4RjNhR0ZXVUN4R2NtZDNiUjFrZW9GVU5HUjBjcmduVEhCSE93SkdhdklIZG9aV052ZEdSeWxUVE5KM2FudFVXM2MwYzVsbll4SjBZelIxY3JGMUsyaEhVcU5UVG5aemE1c2lVVGgzU3RCamNYUm5ZNnBYVERWRU5YVnpiR2xYUTNJME13TjNieHgyYnVoWFFCZHpLdFJtZVZGbWIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0iklNh2.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Groovy
http://?cVpWUzNoWGVPVm5ZbGRXYUx0RWVGVjJjR0ZIU25OVFoxUXpVNEIzYlBaMlJSZGxiVVZVZGFGalZ1OVVXMkozTjI0R1VuMUVaNGhsZFVkRFQyc0dWdWRUTnM1VWQxY21iQ3AzTG01VWVycEhPVmgyYjBGRVN2RldSeHRtYWhaMmR6VW5idTFVU1dkellybERVUVpYYWlsSFJ2a1RZdGxtZXlZV2JDWkZXeGhuWjNwWFZ1MTJjSmRVU25WRGNyVTJWTFJVYzJoMlR6dG1ZS2wzU1RsVVZzbFdkSlYwZGsxMExxcFZPcklHYzVobldVVlRkRXAyWkpaVlUyOUVjNmxIY0habFE2QlhRd05XVE1aVmVNVm5iMDhVYnExRVVuNTJicmsyZHVaV1puNTJjT1ZFYVQ5bWRybFRZTVIxVnRsSGIzNFdUT0pqYjBFMExCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hfia0wN.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Wixlar
http://?eFpWUzNoWGVPcG5ZbGRXYUx0VWRGVjJjR0ZIU3BOVFoxUWpidllIWnZCamVReGtjb3BXUXFkVGFxMVdSWHhXUzFnSGQ0b0ZjbFZGYXBGMmJNbGpTMUZEZHl4RWJFZFhjelluU1JOSGJpQm5NbTUwU3NKM2FCWmtNVnAzUmxwa2QwTjNkUTEwYlhkMmR4UlhZU3RXY3FkWGRqUjJZSFpEY0NSV082SlVZNnRTUklOamVuNW1jdk5rTjNWVWJ6Z2xXamxuYnJkbVlUUlhVc3RXUjJ0aVVaVmxlNHMwTGt0MlU0OTJaVUZqY3BsM1N2MG1iNTFtYjBJRmJ4dFVZNk5XTzFjR2JrbDNNM0pWZDR4R2J0ZFVNd05tWTJKMFp2RjJLRmxHVUZkVWJPWnpjNE1GZGpObllwaERNWmRIU0JCM2NxZFZaMmtXYTQ5eVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Company TV
http://?Mjl5Ylo5V1kwVW5VMThrZEN0a2FxcDBLUVJsVzNOblJNbEhOTEozYWlKSE13TTNkd04wVElSRFJ5UnpScmNYWUY5bVFFUlRiV0YzWjN0MlFQaFZiME4wTUtWVFlOMVdVdlkwTUNOVGJHRkRiVHRFTnVCbGF6b25iMDlXUUVsemFsbFZjekVsY0paVFc0RkZTcmxrUVdsV1IwUUVTd01tZTE1bVVMdFdaeTkwUVZaVWJQdDJMS0oyWXI0MmJCZEZVcjhVVDFkbVQyUlRhMnRtVFlwRVdpbFZhd04xZEhSeksxTmpleGczTDZWSFo0SjNkaDFtZDFRV1lEOWlXdGRWV21wV053dG1jVU56YnJNV2F5eDBVUGhWU3hGMlYxOHlWMWRHUnFoVk95NUVjek1GVGlORWV6VlZiNFptZFY1R1ZMRlZUdFZtYUQ1V04wSmxUdkpYUkZKbFlLTm5hdGxrYUo1bWFOeG1NWWRUUnp0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7sUmqv2.png" group-title="Kids Channel", WZra Kids TV
http://?eUprUjFoMVV2UVhaSGRET2tWbGJ5cDNRa3RDVG5aRlM0a1RlaEIzYjM5MmR4UVZjREJGU2g1MFVvdEdaWXBVUjJoMmRJTlRVNUprZTBWVFY0TTNWeWxGU1NwMVphcEdUMkZHZXJVMWN5bEVjMUpIVjNsMGN4bzNhMjlXZHo4bWJzTkZiMXNXV0cxVVZ4OVdiWDFVU0Z4bVZNbFhaNDBVZHlkV2QyZG5RNjVHVEhkMVpqbG1kMEUzTjBRMWRpNW1kSGxGT3JaMUtCUjNRd3NXVUJkR1dYVkVleFJIVXdoRGN3SmxRejFXVWxWblVLWjNTS1JrZFcxRWU1bEZiM0ZVYVZGV2NocEhUV0ZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gNWg9tl.png" group-title="Music Channel", 30A Music
http://?dmRGYnlVRVVZNTJSczUwY3lnMmR4WWpXcmRqYzROWE9KQlhTMVVITm9kVVQwOGtlVlJtY3hGMlFuQkhla3BGYnJsMlRuZDFMdjQyYnY1MmF2VmtkNXhXT3VabVMza21UdEIzWWhORGVTTmxNUFZtUnlCbk1VWjNRWngyTWtKWE0zdFVkelozYVZKRVVudFdheXdtVmFWWE12Qm5VMFZWY25wbWNsdFdkb2hUY1h0MFk2dFdPeGtqUnZOamVVVkRWWFpqUnJaRGR4VldUMG9uVndRRFp1eG1kSVJqTk9SRlY0bG5RNWxYUlVSSGV2RkRXWWwzWk50V2V5SlRZc1ZsVExWVmVqdEdPeEVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LJ4Hpdc.png" group-title="Music Channel", City Music TV
http://?MmRrV3hvMFp2Z25OdklUVTJwR2RMdEdWamQxTXVGR1UzSTFMdFJuVHJGM1NzeDBaMFIyS0VKM05zSlVTM05UV0lsSFR4UjBSUUpsZUxOMmNYVldaeTUyYXM1Mk12ZFdPMWdEZHJBelpPUlhleGhtZXROWE1wVkZXYXBIY3pKblRVaFVkNVZsYnFWMmE0ZHpNa0ZFV3RaWFFNcEdOVTVVZDJaVmJ3bzNheVYwS0k1V1YyZFdSNjVXZE5SVGRZTkVNSEZHZHNCWFlYWlZZRmxuWnc5R09hRldkNGhYVGxaV1p2RkRNRWgyYUJsMmFNWldUeWtqZXZnVk1rZDFSb1IxTjJBVGJNTlhRNnRHZEJsbGIwb21WVmxVZTJwR05OVkdXMDEyZHY5bWVxdFVhNUZIVk9kVWVwUkdUWnAxTDMxMlJEQlZUM1JsZXJBelRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9pvCYaA.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Weser TV Bremen
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DfugVgy.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Piter Pan TV
http://?b2hVVENkMlFyVm5RR2QwU1p4RWNDOUVSbTEwVG9SbFpwbGxaR3AzVXFsM1EzNG1kREZYTUxSMGR1bDFNeGxXZXNCbmIzb25ZcmMzWnRsalMxaFRZbmQxU0taMmNhTlhiV0oyYjJSWGM1UjNjSWRXVHBoemJScDBaeFVYZFVKRVRIeEVhdnRDZXBGVE56ZEZjaDVVWWlKSFdJOWlZMXBuZXJZVFlZaDJUcHBXVFRsVVdseDJMM1lGZHg5R2E1bGpUVWRYYnFkMmR4UVRhM1pITno0MksxVTNaa0JuYU9kV1YycFZTM1l6S0J4V1VXTlZNTFpIYnZGMWJUaFRRb1pXV3pSMk1POW1lUlJXVHhsMWRZQjFOUWxtTXlwM1l0RmtRUWQzTG4xR2QwVTFjblJ6WXJaVmNwaEhjRFJ6Y3o5R2FMVjBUdlZWYjVFMFJ6bGtjd3BFVTVVWFNvSkhlb0pXTXRWemEzeG1hR1JrY3dWVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/portalfoxmixtv/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?bmwxWW1aVVNsUjNNd2MwS3pwWGVRSjNTamh6SzVKSFJ5QnpOc3hXYTFWWFp5RW1la05XYXFWVFp6UjNZM2t6ZDJzR016UW1UQ0pUYVJWVlpEOWtUdXRTVHJGMWF2aEdlNkpUVVp0VWR1MVVXTmxWVm5ObFlWaFVjdmdYYXRSbFV6a1Rjb3RpUnRWa1J5WjJZSVJUVUZGbk13ZERVbGxGZWhWR2N2b0dTMTFtUk5WR054YzJjVlZuV3hjamF5Z1dRM0JqVDB4VU14OHlRQ2RYZUpaSFVQTkZiREIzSzBnMVNuVldTWnhrTmtkR08wMFVUUnBIYlFKa1Q2eDJhb3RpY2hoRGQ0RUhUSTVHZVpaemEwNTJOM1IyYjQ1MmRtaEZPbmRuTTFoa1N6VTJjTTVHT3VwM0wxZFdjd29tUjJzR1pMQjNkbFJXYnowbWFEbEdPNnhHUjZWV1d4bFhhMGRYY3lJVmMyNWtWelFqUXRsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/lamegaworldwide/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", La Mega Mundial
http://?cEZrZXMxR08wTUhVUU5FZTFwV2FoNTBkb0puV3laR01DRlhadXBXWklSME1tMUdhT1ZWU0tobVJ5bGpaRk4wS01KblVWaG1WMGQyWjM0VVNURlVTcnhFV0gxV2RIcEhhUmhIVFFWMmFxTlhVdlpWVzJkemNhZFRPSTVXWU9oa1VVeGtiWDVrUmxsVFdwWlZTVU5GTVVkR1RuQjNWSVpHYlRSbGJuOWlOc0ZtWUpaSFZOZG5RTXhXWnNsSGREWkRNYTVXWnFoME4wWjJRUEJYTk9sVFQzTVRldDVtVUlwRU55TmxTNUJUZXhrMlJrUjJiMnhXZXhva2N0VlZSdGRUUTFNbVdyUjNRM2tVVVh4VWFwcGxTTlZuTXF0RVVEZFZlRmQyTnZZbFQxZ0diTFIxUUpWSGV1dDJjTFZXYmlaWGVIcDJTM0JEZFZWSE1ESlZVdlZUYUtOVlNtMTJZMElGYXpJa2V4UTJSSGhrUXZOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://batv.gloss.agency/site/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/balogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Brit Asia TV
http://?ck5YT3lnbWV0SjNjMlVtVGFoRmR2QkZkNVpuZTBWV1RMbFdVNnRHTzNKelFyQnpadEptUUVKalluWkhNRUprWXZWWFkzdDJWeklVYjVKV016aGpaNWhuVDVaMVY2bDJWclZVVk9KamNscFVVNXdtZXZGVmM2aGplcWxYTkxORlJXaEViMFJVT3ZnVU9vVlhhaGQyWnZNSGQycFdUb1pHYUtWbFYzSjJZMGxVWWpCbE0wZFhkclVXYU1OR2FFQlZVTGxsWXg1RVdFMTBadGxtY0xObFc0VUVldGhGWkRaM051ZEhWRk5YYVFoV2ROQmpTVVptZUR0R1d3aEdVdUZHZHJaSFNPUjNSdUowUnJBM2JtOXlkS3BWWXc5a00yOTJiVXgyUlZsMlJVQkRkSHRTZHh0R1Z3dEdiM1lYV1ZkSFNUZDFWeGNrYk1aelZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tillerdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/popular-science-magazine_610_407_80.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Popular Science
http://?ek5YT3lnbWV0bDNjMlVtVGFoRmV2QkZkNVpuZXpWV1RMeFdWNFIzSzVrMVpMeG1leUl6TlBwSFN0SlZOaUYzTTBnWE5VQjFaNG8zYW1WWFlHOWtNbkJUVlJkR2VYUjNLUEpGTUpKM2F1eG1ZdlVsVm9kMGFEZFhieDlHTTVCRmVaTkViU2xIYmxWSGF5VmtNb1JtYkc1MlNKTjBjak4zYnpOWE1HNW1jdlIwU1ZsVGVpOVdRNVoxZDA1MmNMcGxjeGhIZHlsblpvTjNNR2xYYUZoemRyTkZlVWgyUnQ5V04wUlZNVlYyUjF3bVV0SkViUWxEYjZaelZsbFRWeUpqUmhGVU1oZEdTS2xVYlJ0Q2IweDJkWjlpYzU1bVpPRmtRWWxuY0taemIzSjBhUXBIV3ljSFJ0ZDFjNjkwTnJSWFIyVkhTd3BWYnRGbmFCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/eec31809f3d6d71fced82e9d9143a57637a6b9b80f5474e67feb1d5ffc482884.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Movie Kingdom (No Break)
http://?PU0zYzVJRGE2MW1lelpUWk9wRld4OUdVMGxuZDY1V1pOdGtiQnBGY0lOV1QxVkRld05qVHU1V09KcFhieUJWTTVwMmFTMUVOVTlrTTJGSFR4ZERWTEZuUnUxMlV1TkVlRkYzY1ZCMVo2UkVSVloyVlVGbmI1aGpWVUZIZFJoSFZ5cFVOdDlVWURabGEza1dTcmhXTnlZVmNySUhjek1EV3RKM1FOVjJWNjlXU29WRFJwRlZjUGwzVmtkMFl3eEVieFIxZDV0bU1WbDJVckFIYnlkbWNueDJRd0JYWjJSVVN4WlhWbmwyY2xkelpzUmtlcE5uUTFkVmN3aFVTMDhXZXloektRbDNkTjkyTXBWVlE0VmpOUUZsTno5V2Q0Z21kdEptYzVOVVVXVlZP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pIuJqYk.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Movie Kingdom
http://?dk5YT3lnbWV0OTJjMlVtVGFoMWN2QkZkNVpuZTZWV1RMNVdRYWhIU2oxVWQxZ1hiejRrYnVsVFM2MW1jUUZUZXFOM1V3aDJTc05qYnNsbGV6OEdlNjFFY3NsemI1aFdkSWRXVXZnVWQyWWpjeEZUUXNkRVV2VkhWcFpIUkdKSFVSdGljVWRYVG9aa1N1bEVVNkoyYXdBM01VOWladk1GYjM1R2VMRnpicGQxVm9WVVFWWm5RekZuVm5GRGVGeFVRRFJuVnlkVVVDZDNNeVJIY2hKMWJ4QkRlaU5ET3hkbFQ2cFdRb1ZrWUloR01oZGxWMm9rY21kV1lTcEhUenRtVUU5bVc1cFhiQmhGVkROSGJyUjJaenBHY3BGRFpTUkRaM2hHUzRKa1NvZFRhWXhrVUdWellzWlViaUpHUjQ5V016WmpOQmwzWjZWWFJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/vtwobeat/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", V2Beat TV
http://?PXcyWnowRWVwZEhiaFpHUkZGbVl1UldkMmdWWTBFWFpPQkZjdTEwYTZoWGIyTjNOclZHZXBGRVZDcG5jSkJYVXJ3bWFrSnpSNE5EZHlSVldvZDNRdlJYYzVrMlMyUUdjUWgyTnNKM2J3MW1jd0ZtUVF4bWU0OWtWblowYkpWa2JOQlhjcTkyYlZkM1MwNFdia1ozTXZWWGVUaEhaTE5UWnpGR2M1VVViaEJIT05OSE5INUVlcFozU2lOelE1UjBVNlJWVHhjV2U1OTJNUTUwWkpKbFkzSTFadEpWYnJNRFp4VTNLNGRHVFNoMGFPbDJUSlpETnNaVFJ2WjNSVkIzWndGMVRCbFRkclJsY3ZBVlMxWldURFZXYWtkWGIyeEdOSmRFYkdKa1N5WVZZ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6e/TRT_World_logo.svg/250px-TRT_World_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", TRT World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", M4 Malayalam
http://?PThXUllGMWFYMTBaMFpHZTNObFI2dDBTSWRtU09oM1ZFQnpORGhWYllOeloxUjBTcGxWVGtCVmQwZ25VUjFFUmFkWGJ4Qm5jM1JuUXloRmJHUlZReWxYY0xkbVd2RkRjeFVqWVNwR1U2ZEhVSkpFTVBsWFZVRlZSSFJGYlVCMUswWTFjcXAwY1NObWNsSm5NVkpEUzRjR2U1aEVleWNUZXJWbmRISjFUUDFHYnVkM0xGVm5lc2REWnVKbld0NVdSWmRsU0pwM1VyY3pTamRYZU1OMVlQSkdOb0ZGTVc5R01VQm5TekZWYXdsRmVPeDJNUEZVYjVoR1VCcFZOdlVYV05Oak0zQjNhamRqUzNnMEsycEdaVkpqWXQ1bVQ1a0dhUFZtYVFObU1JTkdP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mms.businesswire.com/media/20160221005243/en/510305/5/LoveNature_TypeMask_FINAL_highres.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Love Nature
http://?PWsyTW1SSE9WUjFaNjVVVlFKRVYyUkhkTXRTU0RkV1FGRlhjaFZrYWFOblkwZGxVMkZXVFl0Q1VMdEdlRFJrTkhWSGJxWkVidVYxWTZSVlZ5eDBNRVIzYWFSek4ydEViSloyTDRoMVZwdFVjSjl5UVZCM1F5RjFUaU5VYTJ4VWRsVkZPMjVXUXJCelNGTkhXblIwVlZSbGJZbDFhMGxuTnNsVVlGSkRkNEJuVDI0Mk5zbFRkTTEyVFlsRWN0SjJVMVJHWkJoV2MyUjNOckIxYktWbGUya1hUd1psVVhOV1NVaFdPVmwzVFlKbmNUWlZiV0YyU3NaVVZWWjBUSWRuTWpWVVp5QVhlNU4yYkdWV2UzOTJMVUJqU21kSGQzb1hOeTUyYlBaVlR2WkVU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/Tvokids-logo.svg/1280px-Tvokids-logo.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Tvo Kids
http://?ckpXZFNOM01NVjNOeEp6S1loemFPeFdkQmxYVXA1R1R0ZEhkV2QyY0lWM1VxbDBiM1YxZHlwWFYyZG5NbkIzUTNsMmJ6ZGxUdkVVYmlOMFRCVlVlM1JrY0xsemR2MTJZTVIzVWhSMFpwSlhPeUV6UXNaekxRRmpNWUJIYW5wV1dHTkRhcmMxTXFWM1lvQlRZRVoyTnRSM1pyaGxjdmwwY0tSVGNFZFRicmRGT3dnRU00MEdjNGxUV29ORmFOQlhkQ2gyWXE1VVN2TlVVcTVXVXpGWGJXSjBhclJYZTQ5U2V4dFVSclpITzR3R1VQVm5RejlVZWlWVWJ2Y0Vid2REYTJkWFNwZEhkUWhXTmlabGEwb2xicWRWUzROMmRKWkZSMm9IV01sMFJ5d1VkTlYyWndNMkt5WmxWVVJXTjNKWE41MUVlM3hFZTFCallzSmpOdUowYzA5a1FyWkhSU2xVV1BWMWJUUjBSNlYzUjU5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRzr0RFwcAvkAaOfALVDZ87J4McAkvfj-BR2w&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports Xtra
http://?cVJYVExCMU5FbFhORTlpUmo1R2NSVkRjeFpsWTVaemFabG1XeUVIZWFOa2JoTkZhV3RHUm1oV1kxRmtUU0pWZEY1V1NPRlVaaHBYYXZnV09oOVNVMDlrTjFVVmQxUkhVVEpuV3FCbGE1MGtlMGRYWTJGSFJxMUdkMGczVklaa2RzUmthTWRXYXNWRlR5eEdNVGRqY25CbmExczBUTHAxYVRWa05yWkZPcEoxUVhkVFNGeFdSemRXT3ZOM1pYaG1WeUlVYzJsMGNXeG1ZWXBIUlk5MEs2OWthM2hWUkNoR1YyMTJkanBtUmxwM1YzZ0RkaUZsZXhSWE53WmpaMWxVYWhSbGRMcFhZdUJUYXdoMWF5MGtiM1kxUXJaalF5aG1TVUIzYk1Ga1UwVldjbUptWldKMU0zUkVheFlIVDNBbmNhRm1ONFowYWFoMUtSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Kronehit HD
http://?dVJGVDRrV2FCUlhkVWRFZVJaMWNHcFZNcngyTndsWGNLRmxjd01uU3BCbE56Sm5iVGQxVWE5U1JxVkVVVEYzVDFsV2NrbFVVdkVHY1JkRk5zSmpVeGRrY2xCVGJGQlhVblpYYXpOWGVMaDFOQ0ZtWjU5MmNtOTJiV2hYY045U1UwY1hkTVZsVjU4eVJyWmtOTTVXWk4xbWEzVm5ielltZWx0MFN5TWthcWxtVWg1MFNqbEdaclJuUWxWemIxZ1diMkowZHpWMVlOTkRPclpuZU5SVGN2Y0ZhTDFVYmo1MFF0SldXTHRFV21CSGJZTnpVVzFVY1RKMmJ5SVRVNHQyTDFSMUx4YzJRMmRUTTFjMGF2YzJiTHQwTnIxMGFYRkdXMmdIUlVORWRyNTJaTDFVU3JCek02aEZPc0oyS3k4R2FoVkVUcTFXZWtaRWRuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", SHOWBOX (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Guitar Relax (Music)
http://?NkprWmFOamFqZEdNejgwTjRRWGNZWkZibGxtYXFKRFJvTkRNNHNXVEZka1R5TnpkWkprY3laa00xUmxkUmwxY09sV1RpbG1aVVJVY1JaMFZLeG1ic0JsWXdnM1VGWjNkSWxHT0ZobmNHTnpZcEZHYzFoV2V2QVRXdlkzWXJsalcwSjBhc3hrWllKemJuNTJjaUJEVFMxMmJqVnpkc0ZUY1dKellKWmpjeHgwUVROMktoOTJNRzlFZUhKVmJ6QkhjRzVHZXFWRWJZZGpjdXBYVlhaWGVpWmphWXBWUXJaRWIxZFZPMzFtUlVKM1pETjNLTlZuZUtWa1ltWldUb2xUT1AxVVFZZDNUMHdHWlVGR2FOVlRRU2xITXB0R1czSVZRTVJIZDN0V1dSUkVjWlZtU0t0MmQ2ZDNjV0pqTkQ5R1owSnpVMjVHY3I1a2FrOUVaM1psZFVwR09aZG1VMXBuVTFJamJYSlZXUGQyWXU5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7v8wmsb/7H8WKei.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kral Pop TR
http://?M1pqV0Rka1V4ZDJkMkVuUk5WVmN2OFdSaEZUYTFWVmVtRlZjdnNHZTJzU2R1QjNhV3BFZUZ0Q2R0eFdaYXBGVm5kWGI1NFdOb0ZrYTY1V1M1Y2tVeGxWVEZaMmJuVjNheVZEUkJGWGNzRlVhTlZFVnF4RWNCcGxWRmRXTjRja2Q2Tm1kSlZqUVBkR2VySlRlWEJWTWhsM0tEUm1VM0YxZFlOM2R3VW1adFpYTXFaVVpTaFdPbmRHZDZSR2RQTlhVdmNVTnlGMloyWUdWaGQzY0poSFY0UW5kbmRGZVhkSGQySlVRSFYwU01wMmJZOUdWcXBtY3hNamJxUmpVNlpGVHpra1RaaFhWc1pGU3JFMVpEaGxVcEowZHdsMU42aERieGRuVFN4VU93aFVjWk5HTjFFbFZxaHpNT3hrYWlablkxa1VZT05GY3lWR1ZuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnisf4-WHDpPHsTUb-YNhEkUPC1Kg-JKGFU39mOehQ=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", AB Tv
http://?cUZFVHpNVlRVQm5UREZEZFdkRmV3ZG5WSVIwS3paVlRJVjBNdjhtZUtWbFdqcEVkdVpEYnMxV1I0Rldadk1VYUwxbVV3VWpjT05IYnRwbFF0VmtUeXQyWXdaamNPUlhlcHRrUXZzMFpRSkZkdlFqUTRaa1MwaFVaM0ZYZDFKbWFEeDJiTGxuTXB0MlZzcEVhNVVuYk5GblI1UkRiMUFuY3g1bWMxaDNicGRUZXBsbFRZaFhaTWRYY25GV2I0OVdiR1pWVG9oak5CSnpVNEpuZVNOMFZ2VkZjclpYTTRaSFV3bDNNVHBFVVA5V1F0bFZjWTFFYnZGa2NCbEdXeTVFT2s1a2IxdG1hUmRGZWtsRWROWjNVRWhXVXhCMUtyQkZVTnBtZEZ4RWFPTmtiV04yY0pSRWN1aG1ZWmhrVUVkMlZ5Y2tZUEIzWjJwMVVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://dekhobd.com/uploads/video_thumb/1706.jpg" group-title="Bangla Movies", Nabab LLB
http://?MFJETlc5aU1aaFhOb1prYXJrSGVpNUdXdjRXYXFKMWEyOEVVNU4zYTRNVmFIaHphcjFVTUZ0MFFzRldWd1UxUzYxR2F4TkdPeEFYY29Ka2Vyd1dXNFYyUnNoMFNyOEdVNXBtWkp4RWRXRmtUeTVHTzFKRmR2WXpaNE1YZGxsSFdEZDJkNFEyUTFRWFd2RmxNdmNFUzRKWFdHNW1hdTFXYTBoSE02bEhXcE5uWnpZa2V5aFdTTnBIUlVOV2F5OWtWQ3BVTzVWVFlya25iRzVtTTFzV1R2WWphNU16TnZWMVlwSlRXcVJWZXVkMk5ySm5UMGcxYW5WamJSZDNjd0ZWTlZkbVNvWkhhQkJETkNKbGVNTlRkb2hrZXRSblRubG1RRDUyUzNzVVl4TkdheWNFYXdoMlpvcEVUNXQyVHhVWGJXbDFhbVYwYng4MkxHcDJSdEpIYnc4U1FxZEhkdVJrWXlBbmFoZDNaWWRFYXBWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608640_ico.png?ts=1613147356" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", CNN TV
http://?eU5uVTFwRk9uaEhUWVowWjBNRGVCeEdWd0ZUZDVOWGJuVlVScXhHY0xCalJtaDJkS3RXWm5oRU1wcFdNcVZWTUVKWE1OeFVld1lqYnZzMGN5UldlNXhVVkVOMWQxb21jTXRrZHBKMmNIbFdOellFYjE5a2RoTm1jNW9XUnB0ME52aG1jc3BXYW1KbFQybGxOcjhtVEJSWFZCQlhRRlZVYnFabU5xQmpRNlZ6ZFl0Q01vbG5OcFZYZVpwbmEwb1hSendVUXpOSFNqTlhadEpIVjRsMVVudEVleFZFVjZOMUx0cEdVdlEzTnpNbmJaWldhd3NDZVp0U1VhdHlSeEprVlpaMVNFdFdhUFIwYjVVMFptZGtWMkpIUzZWVU1CbDJRWGRuZDRrbFV3Y1dkM1ZYWndSelNzVjJLd0kxYUl4R2FNUkRaTGxEZFNkMGJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://thesavvyscreener.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/docurama.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Docurama
http://?MWhIWlpaRGN5ZEdVUGRIY3hJemNLWlVOcUZWVXNOMkt1OWlRQ2RuUnV0bVN4RmxiVmwzUzRwa052bFVObU4xYW5SblQ0RVdkclZqYzJKMkx4TWxhd1ZtWWlWWFF6ZG1VaGxUVXhWbmNUaDNabmhHTnlSelVuTkRSMjhtWTBrMGNTZEZjRGhYUTNnMmN5SlVheVVYYnhrblYybzFiM1ZtYjVSWE9hbGtOdXBrZVZoVllJbDNkWHBtYUxoVWNDWkdXQk4zUzZoa1ZEaDFid00zWXhKVWRhNTJkR0IxU3pFelp3Wm1kaWxGZDFsV04xWW1iamhVYjJFVVk1UUVXeUp6UzJFVFYza1hRM3hHZHpGVGUxb0hSNGxrTjJ4Mlk1TkVVTnAyS1ZGM2Q0Um1lVUYwUTFrMGR6UkVPeVFWUlMxR2NZSkRWMlEwYndFVFpScFZONnRVUXBGbVd1Vm5lNXNtYldGRGRZdG1kckoyYnJSellpUkdPNjlXY3J0Q2ExTmtkczUyZFFaWE11SkdTdUZVZTVGblRUdGlkeFoxZFBaVmJVOUNUNGRuWnBsVFJPZEdSUjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?cTlpWVBKVmQ1SlhiNmRrTnFwMWNyWmpaTFpuYm54VU1IRkdNc1ZuYVBOSFc2QjFjd0VXUUdsV1YzbEdkT0pXZDI4bVV3RUVXcVZHYklGRFdocEhacVJrZXdSalF2Z21Ub3htVXZvVmJ3ZHpib3AxYnRSVk5KWldVRXBHTlpsa2JObGplTmQxUXdsa2JxQkhSSVpEYTBVblcyQTNMd2NXY0dSV04yQkRTdHRVYklGelJKbFdjWWRFTVlGRGRTbEdaM2NrUTZsMlV5Z3pSamxtV3I4VWUwb21iWmRYVnhSVmVyOVNRanRTWnhrR09KRlhlM3dHYlhsVWRvcFhRd1ZHUmxWRWMwTUhiR0owZExGWGI1RkdNUU5XWXlSRFU0TTBhd0pYVTFOVFZXcFdhMU1uYUM1a2M0TjFjVmRIWnZsM1VIUjFOMThTZEVwbU0zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/CNA_logo.svg/1280px-CNA_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNA
http://?bkZVYTFFMFl3a21jenNHVUhCamV6aGtTb2RrTXJaMWRLMUdURnRtYzVRelN0SlZkMFlHUnQ1R1V4bFdiaHBWWWtsMlV5aEhWaUZ6ZFJWVVZKRlhiNEprVVlWbWRWSlhTalpXU2E1V2VVRmtNdEJUVTJOR2NQaEdaVjltYTVnRVQ1ZFRkTDFXVUJGMUtyaDBTMnBIUktkbmFXaEZOUlpIZHdKRWFaWnpWM2QzTjVGME1ZVjNkS0JIYzBaMmFZbERWd3RTUTJsVWVxRmxkMmNtTmhGV1lhdDBjWDlFVXZjMUtxVjNNMTAyYkVoSFp3TkVOMGtUYVFsMVZ3Y1ZRME5WVkhCRlR3bzJNc1pqVDNnRmMyY2xRbWxIYTZsRGN6SW1ZMXRtUkd0R2VsQm5ldmxHU0MxMGIybDFVMHhVVG1GWFdQWkhlUzUwY0hSMmNyTjJVNU5rVHNSWGFtbFhSd2hsVlFkRGM1QWpNbVJGTjF0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1VlArCc.png" group-title="Music Channel", GEM Arabia
http://?MDEwWkh4MFQzczJNd2hETTFNVWFNWkhTMVJXWW9aME00NEVTbXBXVVJOVVFYQlRhMWdYVFlGR054WkVWUDUwUjVzMlpKTjBNdHhXZTY1R2NNTmpReE5tTnRsemR5a21VSkZUYll4VWNzRnpLdkJuZXhWVVF1VjJiemRXZU5CRlJySkdhNXBtYXZNak12NVVOeUIxZHY5R09rNVdVdjRXYm45aVJUZDBidUZWUW5wRU14d21SRDFHUnVWR2REeG1UU2xrYTVGRFVCcDFVRzlHVTFsVVpWbDNaemtsV0NwRVR3eDJaWFJrZUpSSGVVNVdkVWRHY1hwRVd5UW5VdU4zYkY5Mll4cEdhdVIwZHdwRmNGOVNXWDFFVnFGMlZ4OGtNTFYzTnZRMU5FcEdjcUZtVHpsbGI0TjNaUloyTXlkbWJ5VVVjSzFHZUhoVmNCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722367_ico.png?ts=1613154545" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Calcutta News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/11/Cinemax_%28Yellow%29.svg/550px-Cinemax_%28Yellow%29.svg.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Cinemax
http://?MEozWUdWemM0TlhaQjFFVllWMGJhQnpNemcxVDZSV04yZDJieDVHZGgxRVowNVdlU2xXYjJSV2I1ZEdNTkpHTkhsV2FFZGxXYTVXZHA5R2VyUjJLNE5sV3lSbmJySm5jRVpEVEpoR2E1Y3pNbVpHY285VVpDWnpSb2hIU3p0a2JhZHpaU1IwYW5GVE96RlhWVnQyWUZsMlV5TVVlRVJHZHBaVVpqaGpTMkZVWXRsektoeEdVNWxtVGk5VWR3SUZPdkFUU3oxMFpGQm5kcUpuVUxGa1czRWphM1lHVEcxMmQxQmpOaFoyTndsbmRCVlVadGxVYkVoVE5IRjJLejlVZUl4R1JDSjNTejVFTUNOR2R5MDJMV1puWXB0U01LbG5XS2wyVW5oMUxOUlVlbE4wTGlkWE56WlRUNVFXUkl0V09ESldaVkZUYzBSVGNxQnpUc1JHVjNSMFVZdFdjdEYxTm5kV2NDRkhSMU5XT3hsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRO_F8T3_Ow1_Od8Eqtz692_3VxF6YgnIWnsw&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Food 52
http://?dmxtZDZaVlJDSjNjM00yYndOM1pSaEhTM2RFTTZWV09xSmxicmNtTkNkVGQ1WUdhcmRXYnhCMVNzaEZiNVVUWnZ3R2UzSUVlMVJHZFFKbmNUQlhicngwYXlkRVVGTm5NTUozWjFRR2JsZEZNYU5rUnlGalZGaFdjYXBHTUY5U2VKVlhjanBtYzVSRWF6cEVSSHBGTzFJWE5xVnpWazlXYVhGV2IyTlRONWhVYzVJV05MaFhkUFJGVU5kVGMxaDNieFFIYzBOalJPTlZReGdHVkxSRVRsTjBaNFVsTTFWMVk1UkViMTRrTjVvbk5SRkRadHRrY3VsM1JyVVRUdUpFVzM0a2F2aEhibEpVYURKVGV3NTBaMUYxWXhOa1NKUmtVUzEyVjBFWFZRWm5lQzEyYnlsM0txaFhTVDlDVzU5bVNsdDBRakZEZE1SbldYNW1RNlowSzM0ME10aDJhd0JGYnZ4RWRNcFZUeU5rUW9WVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", DBM
http://?cUZETnFWa01HaFdkTGhIV21KMmFYOWtTeUoxTDJOV1lCRkdTeEYzUXVObldZeEdjR1psYXJjSGRuOTBieXhFVHNKbk5MZGxRdEpFYUN4V1lLZEZNdWhIVHZSVWEzQlhiVDFrUnhSMGFJWkROdUZXVG9obFJDWkRPeFJIV05Sak1OZEhjc1oyTXdkVGQ2dEdidVpHTjZsSFQyTkZTeFYwWlExbVZwUjFacnBXUkVGRGNCdFdiVVozUnFsR2VERm1aM1IyU3Zobk40WmplNE1ITTQ1MlEwdG1hejRrVHROR1NxcFVSck4yVEVOWE5FeDJZeFF6WlpaSFpwdFViMVYzTGwxVVUySlhVV0ZtZEpoRGFOTnpTc3hFVnpsVmQxTWpZdlVIYnNabld3NFdiWlpUVDBwM1F6WkRNRjFFU2lsMmRZaHpLVnBHYlhKbWJuWm1lbk5HVkVoVVo0d1dUQkZ6TjVRWGJ4aFZRdFZsUnVSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ll6GlqY.png" group-title="Music Channel", V2BEAT TV
http://?PUluUVdCRFp0RldiMWN6U3ljRFV6aFdXM2xEY1BobmQwVkdOU2QwYjBaVFFpaGpOd2RtZTNwRlJFTjNhbGREUzFFRGNWRlZOUzl5YXZGWE8wdDJMNGszTkNGV1JpVjJhbnAyUXFSemNyVlZZMWttZEVsbWFwMUdXR1ZuYjRKMlJ4ZEdibnBsV21aMWIxRW5TNUlETUNaV2RhZHphQnhFVjFwR1pCQm5WTVZYVjFkVk93c0NkSkozVng1VVJxaFRaT1p6UXBGSFV2b2tUV0owZEo1a1JsbFhNdnRTU3NsbGNFaG1kRFZqVDVRMmFxaGpZRnRtTTBOMGRrNWtTcXBXUU1CVlpFNVVjaUptTjFWV1R1UkRWTkZWVjFZM1Z6QW5ka1YyYWhoemFodEdN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Dance Floor
http://?cU5uTlc5RVYxb21ja1ZXZHVaVmFueGtWRGwwUnQ5R2MwQkhacnRtZVpoRmRWcFVhb0ZsZUxkV2EyOUdUMmsyWk94MmJ2Tm1jdnNXYnpvRlJwWkRVNkJWU0ZWa1kwbG5heEFYY2g5MGFGaFhheW9GZDQ1MEtSeFVja3BXYVJoVE5HQjFaMXBrUVRSallwVjBMV056UmtkM1ZzWkdVTlZEZU1sbFdGUkdPcXR5U054V2FUMTJSMVowWUhKMGFHZG5TQ2RrZG9sVk52Um1NUTVXTXdwbVdhUjBaRXRTVTFNMUs1ZDFjSEZVTXZFM1R5RWtUUk4zYUM5Q2JZVmtlMVZGYTU0bVRGUlhlb05YUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WjJ8MHC.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Dubai One ARB
http://?cVp6VTQ0V05WcDNLRmxXU1ZKVmM1a1hRcEp6WjQ1MllyY3pNcngyVDVvWFdwcDNacTlXWTAwbWUxbFdSeGNYVktWM1JLWm5ObGhXYlYxVU00STFWcjEwY3pRblMwRTNhMWhrUjJVVWVuOVVOakpUUXBGVk13Sm5RME1IYTZaV2FHSjFjT0YwZFZOa054Vmthd0Z6VkdkSGN3bFROTXBtYXVWMFNGRnpTM05WU3lJRVJIUkhPUGhtTldCbGNZQkRXcGhsTTZsek1IUm1NemtITk5sSFQwSmphMU1EYzZWekxwTlRWWWwzVEtGSGNCMTJUVXRXYllsVmJ6WnpadUYxWjJWV1Yya25VSUpUUXJRemFYRmtaS1pUTnFwRWF4aG5OMjVtVTFFRVpMRjFkeUZuYkpsVGRyZEdSSUZUWWlsWFFQbFdkaEZHZHl4RVNycFZTclYzS0hCVk5IZFhSUkpWTVo1RWFuRkZNNkZGZXlOWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/P8cVMle.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Qmusic
http://?clIxWXhjRVZsZFhSRkJEVndvbGNVNW1NS3RDVjNKemRsWlhacFozYnpGME51eG1jaGwyZG1oRWR6OTBiNWtVVXJkblRFOTBieVJrY3haRFJ2YzJhMjVHZXRWbmRyOW1VclJWUUw5U2U1Rm1OcmhUZHBwRlRUOW1VdjFtV05GblMxTUdlcmMwTG05bVNyVlVhUGxFUmk1MmNFZGpUWTFtZXdKa1lSVlZRMU5YWWhGRWJIQm5XUGxIYmo5VWV3Y1RXdlFHTnJaRE9FZEhkM2dtZWtWVlFyRmtjR0pXU1c1MFRwZERkV2hGTnhNWFV1eEVaU1ZVYk9GbVdhSlhPcGxsVEVaR1V3RjNNenAxUnhJemFzeEdjUnhXVHNwblQzc2laREZIVmlsMGN1ZFRhWXR5S3hVbVpvNTBMcmxYVUVsWFRuVjBTMlEwWlUxVWRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/s0CZjmi.png" group-title="Music Channel", Q-Music
http://?eWRIYnNWemJwbFhjUkJsUTJwRmQwRmxNUVpUV250a1dKNUVVd05ITlQxV1JucFVkTHBVVUhKSFQ1ZEZiVlprVkpSWFFFUjBhR05EY09aRE0zUkhNdkozYkJobWJHZFhPakYxVE9samVacFZkMWhITXlkMFJWWjJjSEozU3hRRE9DcG1ic2xXWmtORmUzUkhhVnQyUXg4V1ZrcFZRVnR5YnJFRFo1a0VPNVpuYUhOelowZ1hSNEExWWFwRmIyQVZONWQxVXNGWGF3WTNaSU4zUUxkVWI1ZDJkMFZsU29OSFpyVjFMWGhuTlRobWRWbFdNNHN5YXJObE5GSm5kdFpEU1BGVFZwbDNieXQyVHBaa2EyazFSMjhDVjBSellURmtScUZuZW9KV1VsOW1hTmwwUzBNWFJ6dG1aSmhqU2tSSFcxWTFNNTUwY0RKM2FCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LD1Lj0v.png" group-title="International News Channel", DW
http://?MWgxVndOWGVpQlhPVmRrYVNoSGJJOXlSQkZGUzBWRU9DMTBMdngyS3FoRVRhSnphbEIxTFZKMUx0NWtZWnBVTXhNbmJKWmtObDVXZHlORmJIeFVPdkJYZEhwMVkwbEdXekVqY1VSVmQxZ0RkeHcyVHl0eVlFNUdPeDBtVERORWJLMUdkYWhEYVlGbFU0WmpiMjhVUVdwSGFyUjJLd1pXYW9CSFQwaFRheU5XY3lNVWF2QVhZelZuVHBKV2NzZFdad0Z6VHhaalMzZ25ZcmxHTUVKVU1OMTBkUUZHZDBrV1V6UlRSbGRrVm1kMllyVWtZSzlVY1doa1pIaGpNMVpVYWo1MlNxMUdjT2x6VG1ORWV4OTJTME5VTTRkRlNCaDNZSTlXVVpKRVZPRm1ieEpIUmF0Q04xWlZSeHAxU3E1MlZKWjFRSmgwWnNsSGF6SVVldlJXUkpwMVRxWm5lR2RtUTFaRWJ0ZHpRMm9uYjZWVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV Classic Hits
http://?b1ZIVXVoMlJNcG1RdEpuTXJ0VWJ6WjFjQ2RrZG9OR1RIRkdlUmwzYXpFbk5UOTBjdVIzWjV0MlQ1cEdWVWRYUWpwblVNWjFTNk4zZFVOWFUwYzBRdGhFYnpRMFNSOTJjSGhET1JkRmV6RXpOMlZqWm85a1M0RW1iM1YzYWtsM1pqWlRlMlVWWjZ0aWF6QkZleVlEUkpSM1lwVjNRMEZqYzRObWV5czJUcTFXTndaamVFdFdiMU0xUmpOR2J3eFdSNU1uU3VsRVR5c2tkVUpYUnRSbmQ1eFVhcmtVYWpwRU40RjBNdnBWUzVnSGJtZDJVWU4xZFBwblN2Y3pkNmxGWktwWE40WlhNNFluZXJsWGRyRlVSUk5VZHFSWFYyWldOeXBIYXg4eWRhRldjeE5uVGxaMlN5bEdad3hVY1poSE5MOVdXRlJGZUNkR1puMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV
http://?c1ZIVXVoMlJNaG1RdEpuTXJ0a2J6WjFjQ2RrZHROR1RIRkdlUlozYXpFbk5UOUVldVIzWjV0MlRycEdWVWRYUWo1V1VzVm1Vck1uYzFnMUtrUmtOdGhIVENSa2J0Um5TNWNtWU1sWGJDaDFLUVZWY3B4V05KbEdWNWdXUXRWbk0zQnpkVWRWWVVoM2JySmxkWEpIVHlrbWJxbEZaaTVtZXdSRWRXWjBUNmhqTjROMFl2WTNLa1pGWkQ5MmE1a0ZVNnRpWm5KMEsxaG5XeFozUkJOa1VDbDNjMnRDVTNna052WjNjcVYyVXZBWE92dzJabmRWYktWbVZ5UmpWdWxGVFpkak00RkhjUGh6SzBFRWJwWkdPWlZYUnNkV2NzRlVkMjVHV1doMGFUcGxjSE5XTmloRWU1QmxkVnAyU0k5bWF3Z2pWeElEYW9ka1MzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV Greek Music Hits
http://?dFZIVXVoMlJNRm5RdEpuTXJ0VWN6WjFjQ2RrZDNOR1RIVldORzltZTBWMU5XSlRlenRHY0JSMVU0bGtWdTEyTUdkV1lzcEVTSE5sYkZCekt6cG5ldlpVYzZ4VWRJZEdOdEZGYVBkWGVLWjJVUWxrWnF0U080TjJjaFZIVTROV1l4Um1jbWxtYlhoMkxwaFRNdkZWTWxCM0tsTkdiSWhIZDYxMmFOTkVSc1pUWnZnR05UZFdPVkYxTUNKRWFTMTJRM2NFVXVsMVFMSlhRMmczS2lwMmRWWldjaVJUT3pjMGI1aEZPeGwzWjBjV1Z3SVZXMlJXYm41a1VqOUdVek4wVm9oelFoRm5SS2hEV1pobGJqZEhWS05WVHFkV1NhWlZjVFZIT3JWVlVyY2plR1IwWTJobmFxZFhieThVVkRSbmRrMWtkRVJsZDBsM1JSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PRgvj4c.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Channel
http://?b1pYVTQ0V1JRcFdSeFFtTWE1MGNzSm5kNlpEYzAxME01MFVWVkpIZE1aRU0zTXpicm8xTVVGbFkzaG5NVmxUU2lCWFVDRkdkMHRTZW01MGRqaFZlMGRtYkRSbFpGSkhkckIzUTNabmNRaFZlb2gzU3ZSWGFRRm1Rc1puWXdWRFJOWjFhajlVZXZwVlIySmxUelpIYUJoWFJMeDJSeVZrYlBkbmJ3UWpVck5rU1hGRlowcFdPVmRrY3dKbWUyOGtjcVZUWjAxbWFsTldTUzltVk5oekx0UkZiQmxHVkxsbFl2ZGxjdkZUYTZkMmF6RWpUVzVVYmhSVVpWbGxUd3BuVks1bVdOcFhhUHhtVGxoVmR4WlZPQmQwTDRGalRwbHphTXBXUVZwSGV2MUVhbjkyUXpvM1p0NTJjRUZFTVZ0bVNPcFhOeGxXZTUxV2MzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/yvNu4Rm.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Fashion TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.shanson.tv/image/logo_160120.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½-TB
http://?b1ZFVnpZSGN4cEdVbFpqV0hObmRZTmpTWFZXZHpSMU1yaEdhUWRHT0Rsbk1yRVVhb1pVU1FwV08yVkhidmRHVHdnM01YOUVUMWMxYzZGRk02eG1OM1pUYWh0Q00yQkhjNVFVTVUxR2UwRW1aeTRrYzNGR1MwSTJRdDlXUVZWSE8yQmxka0JUV1U5R010OW1jNXhrY2pwSGFwQkRPTEYwWktaamQ1SldTblIyUklSSFp6QkhkUEJUUVlsbGNvMTJaaWRsUzROM2J2TlRSUk4zUjBKRWN3UlZiV04zVkNkVmF4WnpOaXAwYzNZWGRIcFVRRHBrZDFNa01uZDFOMFIxVExKSGFUMTJTdlpsWTFOMlpZTkVOdkJGVnVWV1UyUmpXWmQzUTJ3VU9pWldhSVJFWms1V2M0dFVSSUpFVTNRM05FSlhPTmQzZHpJblpObG5ONmgxTEhGV1RSMUdVWjVVWkpkMmNQNVdTNFltY3RkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð?Ð¾Ð²Ð¾Ðµ
http://?MkprVDZaa1d3SW5XWE56UnZVVWJWaDBkRWRWVG9KamIyWlVhMlFuUWhObE1IcGtib2xYY0RaellwaFhXMDAwTTJGWFZxbFhkUzEwYnFoSFI1ZFRaMk5XUk9wWGN4azNkM3hrY1FOVWF4OTJRdGwyWjZwM2JhcFVjcEIzUnhKRWQ2TkVlREJWYlV4MlIwcFZlMFYzTHdnSE9pRkRicmtXY1BSMUtrTldldk5WZTBrRk5rRkhUSVJGWjZWbWN6b25NTEZWU3laR2VoZEdNdVIzU1daSFYwSVdlMk1sZU1aR1Z5SlVVREZuUjVWM1lNeDJScUZsYU9aek4wdFVkcVYyUVU5a1RqOW1UbmxWU1Y5Q2FZZERaQlZ6YnZKbU0zd0VPeEozWWpkRVJsSmxldUpGTVdKa013Wm1ieGdYYkxobVVtRmpVR05HZDAwV2NIaFhXM2gxU0xwRmRraG5VQkZqWnJsWGNaZHpNSHQwTjVWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.clipartmax.com/png/middle/74-749810_the-animated-series-mr-bean-cartoon-png.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Mr. Bean
http://?c2hEZXlOVk1TOW1RaDVFZUlaM2RqWjNRa0J6UnJGa2NGVlhTWDFXUXBKalp3SUdlamQzTnZnamM0bDNhbkJUY3pvbk1yWVZldkJ6WlBkR1VveEVSdkoxU04xMlVrNVdWRlJWYVg5bWFFaG1VSlYwYXVSRVMzTm5OVVYzYm90Q2RFUjBkMU1EY0hwa1VyaDJLS1JtVngwbWJOdG1ZMVFtZHV0MmNEbFVPdUIxUTFCWFlPcEdhUFoxUmk5VWRGQjFMWGhVV3c5MmNoOXlLMmtYVXpwRVR3eFVka1pXTm5KRFQ2ZEdhcmwzU2pCM01NOVVlSVJEY0xWak02RjFOc2RUWjJra1RMbDNaemNXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Wow Music
http://?PTBHZHc4MmNOVm1kS1ZsTlgxVVpwWkVOWU5FZWtoR09zOW1Nc2RtYlV0a1ZQRkdjdEpWUmlOV1V6WTNWMlJtTWl4bWRXUjJVUmxtZHhOa1ZobDFjR3RtZVNoVVJ3a1RjczlpZHdvbmR6SldSMk5XVE85V1Q1aEdiTzVFYzNwRmFQeFdXdE4zU0tGMVZZWlhlNDFtVTRWMGNsQmxlNkpIUnNOMlozSWxiMGNXTU05bU4xQkhlem9YY2xSMVZ4ZEVUMU1VV1VOSGQxSTNTaE5UYXZVelVyd2tWNFIyTnlwWFJuQlhlcnRDV25ORmJoaEZld0JEYnpSa1VKWnpVa0JuVlNaMFl2cDBkT2xWVkZsbWN0aEViTUZVUXdvMkt2b2tWSlIxWmxkWGFwUkVW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?cU5HTzBCM1VSNTJVbWhEYXlwVmNtaFVjR3RHWnRablFNWm1NRkZuUnBsbmNFSldlWFpHVE1oVlN1bHpZNnRTWVB4V1VSdHlTMWwyWmpOVlR5SWxZd0YxYXJwV2MweG1WbFZtWkJkMFpwRlRjU0pIYTNSalZFRjFZMkozY2loMExEWmtlUkpqYllGbFp3VlhTdnhHTzRrSFZ2RkhjT0pFZG45bVZRUjBhMVZHV3hSVFRGQm5VRXRVYlNKR2F3dFNUdGhYWTVoVWFQRjFiM3NXTjRGME1TNTBjb0YzZDRKMmF3SmxlNGRHV3BCM0xNSkdaa0ZqY2hoVWJyUTNiNmhqUTJCVFN6UUhiak5HUzBzeVoyOENjRmQyYXNGalc0VjFOSGhIYUZkblRUeFVhMXBXTU1sMVp6aGxRaHBtVlpoWGVsdDBiQ0pGZFBKVFRPNTJVb05VWktkMFFoWm5jNXhXWXlGRWJ2TUZOdkZXTzRkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/QZQhg6C.png" group-title="Music Channel", Magic TV
http://?PVFuUXZWelR4VmxkVXRpTWxKSFpxMWtVcXBsWllGWFEyUlVUeVVsYzRVall1WkdldHBHWjRGMlVWMVdaQk5YYTVGWGJ1Rm1UU2hYTXZsRVppbDBadVYzTFRCVE4wRVRjaXBXYlNWVWJxOUNPTDUyUWxCM2FaNTJSUEpYY3lJM1JsVkdlMGRIYUZkV2NIaFdTaU5VV3ZKbWRJaFhkV3BIV3pGV1lCRlVOMzVtWjBWSE5yd2thM3QwYndFVVY0dHlZeXMwTmpaM1JReFdTM1kyYXc1R2JVOUdhd2wzS3JnWGJ4aFdPUEozZEVkRGQ1UVdXMUYyWXZwbVFKRjJORkZuV3dWRE9KVmpjMHNVTnI0VU96VlhjWUZGY3pKWFFUUm1hUkZHYzVJelZRVmxT
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/Discovery_Turbo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Turbo
http://?dTFHWkZOSFNDRjNZS2hUT3BsbmRGbDNUcU5IWnR0a1dNUmxTck1YYzNoMEx2YzJjUTlHYnVkVVoyWkhPclJIV1BWblR5QW5UcUYyZDJrMlN2NEdjcVYxTUNSV1NwZG1RcEp6VXdNRGU0WWxRNUluVjJsVlFZeEdkdGhXWUxCbE5wRldhclVWT3lnRE4yaDBNUHBFVU5KblNzcEdTM0YzWmtKMFZTMWtadk5WTndKVk41Z21XUWgzWnZSMGJ2aDBOUWxHTzJsSFVVWjBZQkIzWlNKRE1tRm5ieFZUTTJZRlJ4aDJadHBuWTRoSFYxcFhRdkJuYk1oR1YxQm5kdk5GTXNwM1IyTUhabnBVT3lnRGF5TVRkQmhWZTVWVWVUbGtkNWMzVFhKRlZtZGpkTlJtVDBjR1R5WldXVDlrVEJOSFNpRlRhelluYjBJemNsUlhOMkptWW45MFVENUdiTGxIU2pSRWN5VW1NcTVtWXFsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iXwGMoe.png" group-title="Informative Channel", TLC [HINDI]
http://?czFHWkZOSFNDQjNZS2hUT3BsM2NGbDNUcU5IWm50a1dNUmxTclFYYzNoMEx2YzJjUTlHYnVkVVoyWkhPclJIV1BCblRyTjBUSVp6YnVkbmJycGtlNUpXVHkxRVVRVkhhQ05IVTBZamFYWkVWMGcyWTVwR2JpWmxZNWNYUlZ0eVZ2aDBkSk4wUndZbmRuVmpaVnRpTWxWSFpDeFdTRFozZDV4bVpQNWtWNVJqZG9wbFNycFhlTUIxYjJWMmEzOFdVMVUzWXE5Q2FZSmpVTkpuWnlsbGM1ZDBkaHAxY0tsbU1xMWtieFZVVzJ0bVlrNW1XVFYyYnpSbmFsZDNkMnBYT09oMkwzQTNjV0ZXZE9WVWVTUkdjT2RYYnI1R2Q0bDBTbGQzTUJsblVOMWthSkpGT21WR1VvdEdPcFJ6WnVOSE55WXpVWnRpYlNOMVVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/LgQBtTh.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Xalastra TV
http://?eUpuVDBWSFUwSW5SR2RYVkhaV2RxeDJTQ2xFYnBGelR2OGlRUmhuY3NOelFPVjFaMlJEV1c1MlZ3TmplbWhWTVA1bVNaWmpjM1YwZDRVMFI1WVhWcDlDZTBzQ1dVcG1iMmRrU3dnRmN5TkRSQ2QxTXVaR1daSkRUWHBtVE9wRU1abDFiMTlHTjJzMFNwOWlkNU5VVnZCM1EyZ1ZPNnR5ZDNNblY1UXpONVpETldWMkxTRjNWM1owSzVrVGNsSlRPS1ZFTzRKM05QWnpiemduZDZwVldoTnpidUYyWjZsR2U0VkVSYUZVVml4V2MzQkRUeGxXYldKRFdyTWtOcVpIYW5Sa2RTcG1XQ2xtUzJ3R2JhbG5OTFZ6WjJ0MEt6Y0RhbXBtWjBkalp0MTJhVVoxY3J4bU1wWlVUMUpsTjBKSGNRQlZhMnRHYXZ0bVZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Dil SE
http://?PTRXWXpBMWRMaEZlTHBtUXExMFp3WjJVMThtTXZabmF5RkRkeEZtZHM5aVUxZEhUcUIxVTFWbmV5VTNWellWVGpCRmVNZDJVQzkyS3hKV09DOWlOSE5uTXprMmRYdGtiRGRUWkVoaloxcFdZeFFEU1VoMmFMQkRlbGgxYktkRWRINTJLc2hWUU1KV2VTOW1keGMxYTVWa2RPVm5TblZWVzZoVk41TmpTSkpYY1paVE1tUjFiSWxtWk5oMVNuZHphRHhrY0lGSGRwZEdVdEptY3c4MkxMcEZWMkJqTnFabFUzSjNUeFJIVXpnRWVxWkVSNDBVTXFGVVY0VTNhMWNuVEJaSFJvZEZjek0xTVZkVGQ0WmtUTTlTZEdoM2NuVjJkUGxuYzVkWFVXcDFW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Dil Se
http://?PU1YWXpBMWRMaEZhTHBtUXExMFpvWjJVMThtTXZWbmF5RkRkeEYyYXM5aVUxZEhUckIxVTFWbmV5WTNWellWVGpCbGVNZDJVQzkyS3lKV09DOWlOSHRtTXprMmRYdGtiRGRUWkVoaloycFdZeFFEU1UxMmFMQkRlbGhWYktkRWRINTJLcGhWUU1KV2VTMW1keGMxYTVWMGFPVm5TblZWV3poVk41TmpTSjVXY1paVE1tUlZiSWxtWk5oMVNxZHphRHhrY0k1R2RwZEdVdEpHZXc4MkxMcEZWNkJqTnFabFUzeDJUeFJIVXpna2JxWkVSNDBVTXhGVVY0VTNhMWdtVEJaSFJvZFZhek0xTVZkVGR6WmtUTTlTZEc1MmNuVjJkUGxIYTVkWFVXcDFW
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NMw1xRRp/Kadak-Hits.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kadak Hits
http://?eUYyTVFkM1NZUjNTcUprYU5kMlptTlZOdkp6YnNwbWN4UVhjaDlHYnZJVmQzeDBhUU5WZDFwbk1wZDFNVzEwWVFCblNvWnpadHhXZWlSWGRZSlhXMVZVVFZ0Q1Y0MFdOTUZEY0NSemJtMTBWdVJITnZ4RVdMaGxTeDQyUkwxRU1KeGtia2htYjJsblEzOWlSTnAyUk5oblNZcEZjdjVtYzJKbFJGSkRNcDkyZEVwRk11eFdlUGhrUzBJM1ppbERkeEluTXNKRFNWSjFaMHAzTkpCM1JQOWtlMFYxVjVFVVV3WlVhWXhFV3U5V1RyOGthakYxYU10R1RTZDFNNkJWVm1SMWJSaFdXSEpXUnJSSGRYVm5Oc1oyYno5aVo1ZEdaQ1JIU3lsemJ2TVViUnAzUkNObmV2WmxhVUZYUXdvM0tvTjFkcHQwYkhaRlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Kadak Hits
http://?ckYyTVFkM1NZQjNTcUprYU5kbWVtTlZOdkp6YnBwbWN4UVhjaDVHYnZJVmQzeDBiUU5WZDFwbk1xZDFNVzEwWVFoblNvWnpadHhtYmlSWGRZSlhXelZVVFZ0Q1Y0VVhOTUZEY0NSRGNtMTBWdVJITnl4RVdMaGxTeEkzUkwxRU1KeEVla2htYjJsblEzOWlSTnAyUk5wbVNZcEZjdjUyYzJKbFJGSkRNbzkyZEVwRk11bFhlUGhrUzBJWGRpbERkeEluTTJKRFNWSjFaMHAzTkpCM1JQOUVhMFYxVjVFVVVxWlVhWXhFV3VkWFRyOGthakZWZE10R1RTZDFNMkJWVm1SMWJScFhXSEpXUnJSSGNYVm5Oc1oyYjE5aVo1ZEdaQ2hHU3lsemJ2TUVhUnAzUkNObmVxWmxhVUZYUXdvMktvTjFkcHRrZEhaRlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/3xSS9fw9/Pop-Patakha-Hungama.png" group-title="Music Channel", Pop à¤ªà¤Ÿà¤¾à¤–à¤¾
http://?NEYyTVFkM1NZSjNTcUprYU5kMmRtTlZOdkp6YnBwbWN4UVhjaDVHYnZJVmQzeEVkUU5WZDFwbk15ZDFNVzEwWVExV1NGbFVOR0JIYkhaRlpGaG5icVpFTzJsRk5RUm5hMDVtUVVsRWJVbFdXTmxEV25OWFlKMVdZNWRXVDU4MFVPeDBkdzAwTlN0VVl1OTBjaWhEYk5sWFlwZFdaQ3BWYUlCSE5sTjNNeTltZVBkVlRya1hkc1pUUVd4R2JYRjFLSmx6YTBOMmFaaFdNR1IzU3VaVmNSVkhjcXRDVkdOelF3WlRhWEZVTnZaM1lQWlRkTHRVZXdnVk5JMTJiMXRrUzFFM1ltOW1kNU4xUzFRRGRZeFVTNmhrZW5OVFNWdGtjU3RXVW9KSFVRaEdlMmNtVndZSE5wTmxORUYwSzRjWE5XQmpZNmRIYVJobFIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Pop à¤ªà¤Ÿà¤¾à¤–à¤¾
http://?NEYyTVFkM1NZZDJTcUprYU5kR2JtTlZOdkp6YnVwbWN4UVhjaFZIYnZJVmQzeDBaUU5WZDFwbk16ZDFNVzEwWVFSWFNGbFVOR0JuZEhaRlpGaG5iMFpFTzJsRk5RbG5hMDVtUVVsa2NVbFdXTmxEV3VOWFlKMVdZNWhXVDU4MFVPeFVhdzAwTlN0VVlzOTBjaWhEYk5kWFlwZFdaQ3BGY0lCSE5sTjNNeTltZVBkVlRyb1dkc1pUUVd4bWRYRjFLSmx6YTBOMmFaaFdNR2gyU3VaVmNSVm5kcXRDVkdOelF3WlRhWEZVTnZkMllQWlRkTHRrYXdnVk5JMTJieXRrUzFFM1ltQm5kNU4xUzFRamNZeFVTNmhrZXBOVFNWdGtjU2xXVW9KSFVRaFdjMmNtVndZSE41TmxORUYwSzRjWE5XQmpZNmRYYVJobFIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Sakkat
http://?PW9YWXpBMWRMaFZlTHBtUXExMFpuWjJVMThtTXYxbWF5RkRkeEZtY3M5aVUxZEhUMUIxVTFWbmV5YzNWellWVGpCMWRLaEViRk5ET3JWMlNPWjBRc2RHYkVKRWJ5VVVjc2hGZFg1MFF0RmxjcnNVY0pkbld3OENkSWRYY3ZVRlJ1Tm1SblowYU1KMlUyQW5WTXBGT1JCMWJvUlVZMmNFZXU5VVpIZEdhMmdYV0dkV2NTdGtlRjltZTBGblZuWlZPdmQySzJaSFJqSlhaelowYjRaVmM0WkVTd2RUV3JFRk9EUm5lbk5uYlNGbWRUbDJZdHQyTXd4ME1HaHphTHRtTXdOVFc2WlRhMHBFVjRRMlM0VjNaMUpETldkV09LRjBOaEJqY3ZRVlRNUjBi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://m2.tv/assets/logo-231ef42a791ac4e9287a94c6dd492ebd740ad3bea40f789cd489683b758ff65d.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ðœ2
http://?ME5sZXVOamJTcG1XNElUUWtOV2UyZ0ZleGtrZDFabk5sTjJNbnRtZVdoMVp2WnpheXhtYkxwblRxMWtNRHQyYnJCWFo2Rm1WeUlXY0s1bU5TbEhVcmxITm5Keks0MW1UMWxXUzQ4MGJXWldaVGhITzNaSGUzazFTejkyY2FwWFFHeEVlblJXYzBSMFF5SlhZNVVsYlNoWGN4WkRUd3AyZEM5MGNxUlZlM0ZYWnpCVE1ZZEdlQloyY1VaV2JobDJSaDFrVW9WbFM2ZFdVd0ZIYXlSM05IVkhheWRrVHJGVlMwOWljc2wwU01sSFJ6cDNRemxFYjNaV1ZFbDNTcGxsVVd4a1NWTlhhbWRYUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RPwKZUD.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Arabic
http://?NFJHYTZwSE1JbG1aR0ZEZDZaMGQ1Sm5VUFZVY285eWRTVkdNdHgyVXpjamExQlhiMGwyZDBkRE02bG1TR0ZVTm5wM1ZJSlRkTHBVYkRCVlZ6Y1RTMDFrVk5SV01vZFdlenRXVXNORmV5Tm5ZaFZIZXFsRmJUZFdkemhYV1Q5eVV6VUZkak5GZTNVV1RyVjJVVEZYVnlNSGFrSlZjenhHZHJ4bWJ5WlRXM2hWVnlZbFFGaEdSRFZWVjRNamRCQlhZSmREYjNGek1hSjBRaWgyWUx0a2FQRm5iczlXU1cxVWJ5TmplTEZXUTFFSGFpZDBOSFpuZGF0a1VRcFZXMnRtTkJWME4xc1dXNEZsUWlObmN4SW5ZdFpVU3hGM1Z5UW5lcmxtUUZsVlpvaEVjMllUVnlJbWV0VlVUMFptTVMxV1lTZEROeVZEYUNobWFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/El4Ymh6.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Persian 1
http://?eFJHYTZwSE1JbG5aR0ZEZDZaVWE1Sm5VUFZVY3A5eWRTVkdNdEYzVXpjamExQjNjMGwyZDBkRE1xbG1TR0ZVTm5CWFZyNTBSNVV6YkNOV1p3VkRkNlJVTW41a2UwazNOakpHVlFObmR6WlRibmhHTzJKbmIwZ2pabWRtTVFWM1UwWlZlcGxUV3lFVU5ySlhkbk5WVzFWM1RoTjFjc0JWZFZaVmV6Z25WemQzUXhkbGJyZ25WaGxHVjVWMWJPMVdlRjEyY3BwbllGaFZRdmQyWXZ0eVNTWkZhUzUyTXlOSFNzUjJTWmxFT1MxMktaaEdPSlpGZWFoMFR3ZEZXdkZEVkZSblJMbFhielFYY1JkMFo2cEhacEZuVHUxR080VWtlS2gzWXkxMlIxUTFiQnRrWlZSVVNxbEZkTlZWVFpkblNSaGtjM1VVYzZaR1VCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/pK2p5ey.png" group-title="Music Channel", NG
http://?PTBtWnpJMGJSWkhiRlJYVDVvWFEwcG1jWlZ6S2lGSGNyZGxiMk4wY3JVVlp2WkVONTlHYjV4a1RzeFdkdmt6S3NCRmJYUkRXVUJETzZCWFJxSm1WSlIzYlpWalNqbGpjUmx6YzBRbWJuQkZiRFpUT3o0bVR4Qm5VdUoyYU1kMWRIUm5TdHAxU21wbGVTOUdWekpYZGhkVGVFTmxTUFZETnBORk5tUnpaMDEyS2pwRWRuRnpiUTFtTllKbVM2QmpXM2QyVE05R00zRURNQzFXYTFGblRwRlVOeFpGT25WR1JqbG5VbTl5TXFCWGJuOUdlSEpWY3hkR2JGRkZjenBYTXJjVGRhaGxkRk56TW5sbGNuaGtkNEltVkQ1MlY1STJZeU1GZVB4RVp5TVVN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Cine Voice
http://?djlDVUNKVGNvTkhTWmhtYUc5MmI0NFVaU1oxTHZSRVd3azNjWDlHUjNvSGRIMWtkb1ZUTklGa1o0bDBjWFZVUXdwMllRbGtXanhFYng5MlJ4dFVScWRrV3Q1MGJTMVdkRkJqVktOMGNxOUNSVkoyWnI1bVRRWlVZcXAyVExKVE9CcDJhdlpXYkRsa1J1UmpheXRHZFhwMllPOW1hdFpuYjBBSGUySUZXMHBXVTRZVVM1czJLcmxWYVhWbmNUUjJRQk5sU29OV2VyOVdkSjFXUkJaRGJUcDJaNHRHZHZzMGRwQkRNM01WUWFkMlNXVldUT1IzWjNGa1pwSlRTMUZIU0VaWGFINUdPNHNpUTBjRWVVcGtiR2xXV3NKVWV2Z25lUEIzWTFBbmFFTjJiQlZIZFpOVFpuSldUczEyYnpSSGN4TWtRTkpHY3daM2RocDFRcGhrTjJZWE1CcG1TNTBtUjNRbWU0SWxUS2RXYzJ0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Desi Channel
http://?dzlDVUNKVGNvaEhTWmhtYUc5bWQ0NFVaU1oxTHFSRVd3UXpjVGxtVHdKMlJuSjJhRDkwY1lGMWRzVkdicndVVDJ4Mk1QdGtiTlpHZUwxa2FYOVVZc2xETWpoRFZNcG5idGxtVVVOR2RXUjFiTU4yVXZOa1N2WTBRb2xtVW50bWMwUkZjSGhWZFg1RWV4VkRTeWNrVXRwMlNyY1RScFJUZFNobU1HSkVTMFozYnBkR2EyTm5RM3NFTzBSVmV6a0dNNHNVZTV4VVNyaFdXM29IVUpabVpxZFdjS0ZUTkVKVWVxQkZWMDBtZU9GM1pFbG1jMGhGYURaMGJFbEZaMUpsTVM1MFVUdG1TNE1VYndwMGNUTkZNb05rVXI5aWROWm1OUnRXUTFjWFFRZG5jdU5uVVpKekt5aFdaVGxIU0tGM1ZseGtSTmxqYkhkelFHRm5ZeHBFTnhBSGJVUkhjTWRVYkROV2Q2TldSVFoxYTNWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.terrorism-info.org.il/data/articles/Art_18131/hamas_099_3.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Aqsa TV
http://?c1JVU3JZSGIzc1dZMFFtWU5kMWR5VlVRa2x6THhaRU94TmxlUGxuWW9kMGIwTjJacmNsZEZWbWQyUlRNeGtWVTVrR01XQnpNMmRFY3JJbFlDaFRkd3RXUjNJM01xUlhaREJsUU5GbmJRSm5iSmRsY3FKMlJHZDNVQ1pIYUNWSGNrQkZhNTUyVnpValNvMVdRUkpHY2FoM2NOTjJLVFpuYnc5MllvWjNWNGwxVFMxMEtqdDJUejlpTlpaelpETjBZd0JEYXNsRU9vVmxUeGdtUzBnalpYcFZhVmxIYUxsbGNvcFdTSVZVVUk5V2V3b0dWQ0YzWklGSFZMSjFLNlYzVHRCVlVDdG1UbXhXVER4MGNvTkhheUpVUnJoa2NzSlZNV2xHWlhWRVRDaEZjcE5sZFpWbFM1TlVkVmxuTTZoMlU2RkVNbDlTYXNSamNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://fa2.ifilmtv.com/img/test-final02.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Persian 2
http://?PWNHV21sVGR6bFVjem9YYXloV2FvWm5SdTltVGt4MmMyOUVTNFVrZXk4U1I0ZGpZdnBIUlBwbVdwTlhPeWszWmhwbGRKRldkakpXZXlGR2FSaG1hdnNtWU9wVk93WlZiYTlDVWlsRE4zSldVVDlVYWhwV1MyTVhkNEZEYm9abFF3WUhPejVtUjB3V1ZaSlhlS1JFVHBSR2VMdHljUE5XTzRKVlk1WW5aQlJIU0hsWE1IVmthU1Z6TTVaVWI2Rm1jVGRFZUxkSGVSTkVka05WZHk1MFpLbFVZeWhXWkc5a1N1dDJUaEZHZHZNVmF3WlhNVFZtZTVablRQTmxZQjlHTk9oamR6a25ieGx6TXJZR1R1TkRlNVlVWWg5V1ZoQlhRbjkwYnQxMFJGdDBi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GgmXZRU.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM English
http://?PWtHV21sVGR6bEVkem9YYXloV2E0Wm5SdTltVGtoM2MyOUVTNFUwY3k4U1I0ZGpZb3BIUlBwbVdwRlhPeWszWmhwMWNNVmphdm9HTnpSM1JPbHpTbjVtYnpkMkt5c1NhaGQyYzBNMlU2Wm5ZcFZrVkxsR2F2cGtZU05VZXp4MFlJSjNOdkZuVGhCWFMwazJLNmhrTUNOelpETkZNRmxqUjVOekxPTlRhdjkyVWhaWFRvcFdkTE5sTnF4ME12WkZPVWRtTk5sWFJTVmtlMlkzYlhsalNaRkRhekpuZDZGM0tZQm5lV0pUYVZObWRwOVNTdkVrVXBGRE96SlhVaUpIWlFSelZ3TTNiRmRET3hGemN1aEhhM0FGTU1CSE5ZcGxlSFJWZUdOamExRVVV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d0/Babyfirst-logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Baby First
http://?bk5UZHlFbmVPTjNOUlJuV29aV2FNdEdhc3BFVnRGV01LSldXeXBITTFZMFozcEZkTWxYY3p3R1oyTlRhYVJXYnBWWFMzVUhiTFJEZXdZblZORlhicXRrWnJVV2NLZDJWUmgxVWhGbGJ6ZEZSMVkzVjRCbGUwcFZOM0pYWTM4V05JeGtkeDFXVzBzV04xOXlielVuVHZNSFVMNVVkc0ZWYkJsVFFVTkhlemh6WjNWbFdxcFdWM1lVWTNWMGIwTXphaGRsYnB0U04xTnpWWTVXUzNkemJtMW1haTFXZHJNMFN2cFhXSFIwVTFGWFIzVkZSeWdEYXBOWGJoUm1WekZuV0xoRFR5a21VSjFHZHlzU2NKeFVUNTRXVHRoamR4QXpUc3BXVDNWek1oTkhlM1VtYVB4MlFzRjNUQ3BFTXRKM1N3SVhSbmhGYjJsWGVSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.fptplay.net/static/img/share/channels/icon_channel_bbc-lifestyle_148379742953.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", BBC Lifestyle
http://?dk5UZHlFbmVPdDJOUlJuV29aMmFNdEdhc3BFVnhGV01LSldXeTFHTTFZMFozcFZiTWxYY3p3R1oxTlRhYVJXYnBablMxY1RiTkp6YzFSMFlCQkRVMDVXZFdaVWVIZFdNdEJUV3ZabWI2UjJScnhrUXVGa2R1RjJMMXBXUXBOa1pTVkdhR04xTXMxMFN0Wm1NUTlVV0NObloxTVhicXQwWjJaa1NZTlZTejEwYzJKM1FHZG5WNDQyVHJKSGRWOW1jdWxVVm9sM05PVmtZeXQyZDVzVU9VcGxiREZUTXNaMVZ2SlZWQ3hXUmxGM1o0QWxiQ05YYjJRMmEyUVROM2huY29WRlcwdDJiV1ZEY0lobWExSW5OcFJ6S29KV012UlhPYU4zZEh0U00yZFhiNE0yWXRsbmN5aFVPT1JFTlJaSGIxRm1ONEp6ZE45VVk0Z0hNeEZGY3JJa1lEOVdaWXRtYjA5MGRYNUVSM0FsWXJSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRLCa5172AYKrPfgPwgAX5CsBccTeZ6R73Ij_D9-Se2TtV8TEX7&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", BBC Lifestyle
http://?cU5UZHlFbmVPUjNOUlJuV29aV2NNdEdhc3BFVnJGV01LSldXeWhITTFZMFozcEZhTWxYY3p3R1p6TlRhYVJXYnBsbVMxY1RiTkpqYzFSMFlCQkRVdTVXZFdaVWVIaFhNdEJUV3ZaMmQ2UjJScnhrUXRGa2R1RjJMMVZYUXBOa1pTVkdkR04xTXMxMFN3Wm1NUTlVV0NobVoxTVhicXRVYzJaa1NZTlZTMjEwYzJKM1FHUm5WNDQyVHJKbmNWOW1jdWxVVm9sM05PVmtZeVIzZDVzVU9VcEZkREZUTXNaMVYzSlZWQ3hXUmxsM1o0QWxiQ05IZTJRMmEyUVROb2huY29WRlcwbDJiV1ZEY0loR2QxSW5OcFJ6S3JKV012UlhPYWgzZEh0U00yZDNjNE0yWXRsbmNwaFVPT1JFTlJoR2IxRm1ONEp6YU45VVk0Z0hNd0ZGY3JJa1lEbFdaWXRtYjA5a2JYNUVSM0FsWXFSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?cE5UZHlFbmVPbDJOUlJuV29aV2RNdEdhc3BFVnFGV01LSldXeTlHTTFZMFozcGxiTWxYY3p3R1owTlRhYVJXYnBSM1NQdDBiU3AyY3JkbVFpWmtVdVpWWXlNV1c0Sm5kV2x6YU1sVGVhWkdjVjFtY3NKVFpQRkZWdnAyTGk5R05oSmtlUk56TlVkaldzNUVlamhrUll0R2EwWjNjVFYyZFd0VU9JOVVhdGxYVkZCMU15aDNWejQwVDBNMWJEOTJUQkZGWnpOV1NJSkdVc3RtWjRJV2FPZGthS1JqUm94R1V1UmpRSVYxWVVCbmNYcEVlVTlFZUZ4MmJaSjNkblJ6Y1c1a1J3b1hieEozWVRSSGV1TkVjdmdYT3dWbmE0RmtkM0JYYXZvblNSZERiNDlrTTBVemF5TkhheG9ITXBWSFR2aG5jdlpYYzFvV1JuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e9/Asian_Food_Network.svg/220px-Asian_Food_Network.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", AFN
http://?ek5UZHlFbmVPbDNOUlJuV29aMmJNdEdhc3BFVnhGV01LSjJOTHBXYml4MlZSaGthM1JrY0N4V1J6ZDNLNUVIV0NGWGUxMVdVT0ZqYnZrMVp2ZFVXd0YxZFN4a2FqbG5WRGhHTTNSVGJwTmxkc0IxTnRCbk56TWpjdU5IY0hSMVR2UW5kUkZuYTBFbGR3TlhicHgwUVpOM1FGdDJUeE5tYUxKRWJMdFVhcUJGYXlGSE8yd1dZak5UUzU1R2RuaDFMeFJVZXg5V1V6SjBMR1ZIUnJJWFUzRm1ldlVuVHN0a2F6UmpVd0pWVDBKM1IxSW1SblpIYzJjRFdNMTJRelpGYXRKbmJYUlhWakZXWVBsbGJ6WVhOVWxIYXp4VVQ2cDBTa0ozWnZKM01SWm1icWRsVVdsVU40MVdUcGwyTGhoM1NEaFRScDUyZFVWelJ3NUdOd2hXV2hwRWMzYzJjNk5HVnVWMGF1SlRSTWhqVm4xVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://techstory.in/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ShemarooMe.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Classic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824741_ico.png?ts=1613202319" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Bollywood Premier
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://content.web-repository.com/s/24572485377859353/uploads/Images/Shemaroo_Me_LOGO-02_2-4464096.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Shemaroo Kids
http://?dU56YVdoSFQ2bG5ReUVuVzA0RWFVcGtZRzlVVjB4R2JGZFdiQkpuVUpKVk92RVVjeUFUT01OMlRvSjNOM0JWWVk5bVZ2QVRaWUYwYUxwRWNIaFZOd3BXTzBBVlF5ZG1lMVZEZXExbWQ0SWtVbGRsYTRsV2F5UjBWREIzWlV0U011MW1jM3AzYUM5R2VzcEhOb1ZsVHpSM1U1UWtiMlJIYTBNelRSTmtOMWgxYTF3R1I0OFdleGNGVExSR2VNbFdXd3BIZHZOVFdMMTBLMGdXTXJwMFlhQkRjaEIzTnJSRlpxbEZaNkJWTjVBM2FpVjJZNFlEYWhSRFZ3QmxkNFYyVDNNbk00SkhVaVZqVUlCM1pWRlRkSjl5WXdSVlF5SldaNWxtZTFkR1NqRlRhUEpsTVg1V1ZvbG1UYVYyTktKWFRDeG1hclFuZXRsRFN2dDJMd1ZXZFdObFc0cG5OQ1IySzNnRmR2RkhTS2RUZDV0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dKpLbh6.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Top
http://?dTlHVVJ0VVdPNUdjMloxTFRaRGJHbFVNQzlHTnpkM0ttdFViVWRHZXcxV1N2ODBaTHhFYklSVU16UmpiT1ptY1JkbmNySjBVakJsYTBOamNoQjFZNHhHZVZCelpTcEdSVGxuWnJBVmV6TlhRMElVTm5GMk41OTJhWmxtUXFCMUw1Z2phaDVrTTJGSE96WnpLbmQzTm5GSGFIaFhZeXBsZDZaWE9xeDJZMEpWYkRWMFJYcFdNMVVVV09GbGRpbGpONWhYT3hCbGVWQjNZRHBYY3JZVGEwSVdiMU4wZHh4MFF3bDBRM1pEVklkM1N6NTBOaDVXZDUxR1ZUUldNNjlHVXVkWFRKMUdOYXBFZVFsRWJoMTBOTk5qYjRoV2U2SjBSR0ZYTmpKWFp1OVdjeW8zU0NaRk50NVdjeTFHTjZGM1NHaDJaWk5GYUwxRWNSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dKpLbh6.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music TOP
http://?MDlHVVJ0VVdPOUdjMloxTFRaamVHbFVNQzlHTnVkM0ttdFViVWxHZXcxV1N2OFViTHhFYklSVU13UmpiT1ptY1JsbWNCaGpObVoxZDRnbFFEWkhaMFpqWlN0VVZ3b21hRTVtY25aRmMxTkhhT1pXVnM1bVRaQkZaNE4zWmpSSE5STlhidUZIVndvM2J4RjNZemxrYTVvbk5aZGpkclEwWnlZelZEbG1ONFJEVjBKVGVweDJheWduTjFnbGR5aDFidFpGTnhobVVZVlZZNWQzWnJKbmU2ZFRkNHBFY3N0Q2RxaGtabU5uV3ZNM05sUm1lVTlHZFZGalNKTjNWNlJGWjNrVlMxMW1VRFJUYm1SVGRWeFdPTk4zS3BGa00yUjNTTzVHTjNGVk9oVlRhRVptVFJCVmRzQjFVVDVrVkpsWFNaTjFkMk5sZXlZMEtvVkdPdGxVYUtGV2F2cG1WdUpGV2lkbWV3TTJTNlozYXJsVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AATXAJz0yqo9CQPGbJLD1IpyBCowrDV9ZtWS408jnyEzzw=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="International News Channel", India TV
http://?dUIxUlRSamVJZEdUSzEyWVM5MmRFNVdjNGQyUjJwV1dDZDFMaXRXTVY5bWV0aDBaa1IwTHk5a1ozQlRhVkYzYUdwblFucEZleDQyWm9kRWNxSmpab0oyVUtsblQyRkhiSEpYZHBGbWJOUjNkUVZVYm9CelF1MTBLT3htZUZwVVJpSkVhd0JWTUZ0Q2FzNVdPMVJrVVAxMlNPTmpSV1pHZUxsVFoya2tlcDVtUTRGVVJqWlhid0ltUW5SbWQ1Z0VUaHBtYnE5Q2JPUkZaUkJYVjR0R1RPTjBkeGx6ZFJOamU1QlhTRE4yTmlSbmV1RjNRc1JsY0poellNbGxhdVpXU0R0V2MxbDJia3AyVUVoelp3UlVNUVJIVTVoa2Q1VmxNMlVIU0RkRlpOcGtkamRYVDRBRlV3VkdldkprWm5WWE41WjFiM3dFZXhVVmExTkRTeVZqWXFaVVFaSlhldFpGZHJCVGNOTlVOdGQwVnZOV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Beats HD
http://?MkYyYlNSamJGOUdONDBtU3pRVGV0UjJjaUpUVzV4RVJzaERPME0zSzBrblFFeGtiNlZWY3V0RWIxcDFSamQwYjR3V2FhaEVXMWxXYzMxbU5RSlZRNEoxY3ZjbmFEeEdOMmcxVHZOR2FZNTBNbk5tVm9WMEtqWkhWVWRYU1BGbE00TnpiUWhqYzY1MGNvUjNMNTQwTG5sR05acDBVWGRUZXJrelJQWldVeEZWTWxkWFkySTNLUFJHUnhjMmR5ZzNMejRXVDExbWFXeDBTVWhXT1l4MFZNTjJia05XVUhaR2E0RjFReHNXUk9KM1VzSjFTaVpqY1dsM1lMMVVZcGRYTjRzMlNqaEhVNXBYYTRnbmJ6dzBWSjVrYXhWR1RGUm1ZcnNtYnZVRk50ZGpkb0ZXZHkwV2R1RkdUU2RsU0x0MlZ6dzJhWmxHZGFabmFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.thenoor.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Noor-tv-heder-logo-copy-1.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Noor TV UK
http://?PXNHVEVOWFJ5UTBiaFJtV1RwR2QzVmtRQjlFYk5kM1RSZEhkbUpFY0t0bVZCUm1kdXhVYXZNMlNZQlhVR2x6YlNSV2V1aGpSMUVFZTZoMlRyQlRSdlJYZVQxRWUyOTJhUVJuYjBZelp1cGtOSWQxVjJWSE41UlVNMWhGY0hsMUxZcGtRcmhIVWFkbFMwWVhXM2dGVFBabmJCbFZZeThDYXpObVp3WkhjMGgzY0o1MlZ5WW1iUUZIYXhsRmR0bFZjM0pHYUpOSE1aZEVONUpYZXdnamQxOG1aMlZVT045V00xcFhPVkpYY3ZOSGUzSTFWdUZ6Um5GWFJMQnpUVXBYVzBzbWFSaHphdklYUmlSbFQyUkdSUEJUWjROM1pJMTJNTVJuZW5kMGNVUkdV
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", M2O IT
http://?cGRVYnRkblZFTlhNQlYzU0J0VWMwRUVhRkJqVnoxV1lEVkdXcmdITVRwa1JqZGxlWmgxYnVkbFp1aEVNWFIxUnNoblZxeEdXM0FEZHdJRld1ZHpNcFZYUXhwbGVrOVdiWGxsWlhaRWRYNWtaMkpHZXVCM1NsTm5Rd2MyS0ZwbmR1WjJkSnhHY0JOVGExUm5UcEptYUVoR1NQVmtjVmhWZHV0U1ROTkZUb2hqZXRCVFUyc0dUbTFHVlpsMmNHZDBOeFVIT29WM2I1WkVOM2tYWXZwblVxUkVjbkptTUpOMFF4bERkVWxGY3JJWFd0RlRPR1pEZVJWMU1sbFdNNUZsV3BGbGJVSjNLekZsZTRaV2VrdFVkR0ZITncxMk1qaFRibmhIVmpWRmRIWlZhRGhuYkxaRGEycEVjM1ZIV0p0MloxRW1Sc3hrZVVabVVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1b/MirrorNowLogo.jpg/200px-MirrorNowLogo.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Mirror Now
http://?MEJWVFhwbmJybzJWRmhFT3l4bWUyWVVNQmhWZDJWRU00c1NkamRYV1FoMllZaFZhdWRqU3Z0R1I2MWtUa2hYTk1sWFFHRm1ka3htZXZnVE1MTkZXejVFYXVCalluZDJackEzVVpWbGMzSjFLVWhHYzNkRVVtSkdVenRtWUlGVk52Y0ZjSXBtV1pWSFR4aG5VTnR5YXhkSFo2UnpjWFZqYTRoV2QwVjNWMGRYVVZ4V1EySUhVYVoxYlNGV2FFZFZORkJGVTZSVVZRSjNicTUyTDJ3bWMxNEVibFpVUjJnR096ZG5SdmNrTUMxV1ZLOUdWcXAzYzFkMlkzTlhPMDVtTTJZSGJSdFdNNVJYTU5kbGNERnpNclUwWnF4MFlpRmtlWWhHTWE1MmE0Y1dkcmMxTTJWMGN4dFVRMEFEYlNsV1MzNUdla2gyYzFOak1uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3h6yVaT" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?dkpXTWpSVVdpSjNaeXNHYjVVRmVNeG1TeXcwWm5sRGRucGtUMDkyTnJOR1N5RjNjeklHYnlFRFUySm5NeWxVU0dObmE1SkZhU0oyWnJjak5GUjFMd1JIV0VkRlZ4bFdRRVYwVUg5bWVCcG1OYWhFZTRkR2RsUlVWUHAyY3dwMmQ1ZzJjdmxYWXd0V1FxdEdjNElsYWhsbll4bFhjUTVrYjRKMVkzTmpad0owWTROMk5KcDNVRGRYVHJwR2JwOXlTSlJIV3NabVEzZEhldEJYTXdWM1pQZEhlemhVYll4R2IyTjNTR05YUVVKSE8wSmtOUGxXYm1GWGQzeFdXbmRGTUZ0VU0wdG1STWRsY2wxV2F6NTJZWk4yUm9kWFlUeEVUbGRYVmFablZXWkhjdGhqWWhwSFczMUVhSFZuTjRoV05pbGpSd2RGZDQ1RWVWSlVUeUowVUZwVWVIWlhjdlVtUUpKV2FUaHpZcUpIYjM5V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?b0pXTWpSVVdpbDJaeXNHYjVVVmRNeG1TeXcwWm9sRGRucGtUMDEyTnJOR1N5Rm5heklHYnlFRFUwSm5NeWxVU0c5bWE1SkZhU0oyWnJjak5GUjFMMFJIV0VkRlZ4aFhRRVYwVWpsVWRYaERTVk5rZDBOMmJpNWtZSHBuV3ZFVGIySURkTFpUZEdGR1MzRlRkWmhUU1VOSFpxRjNkSVoxWlpwV1k2NTJUMFpVYllsR1ZDMTJaSGxITWtGVmNyMW1WdDFFUnVaVlR6cGtReGNuYXhFV2VxVjNiRE5tV0doR1J1Tm1ha1JuUUtOWFkzcFdkTUJUY0doVVFyRmtZdGQxTVJ0aVZEeG1VU1ZFVHVGRmM1WVVkR0ZETTFka05PVjBjUHBtV3dJSGNySTNaMnhtZDJOWFdwSjBMd0ZYZTRsWFNhZFVlaEZGYnlvM1RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DJhTTmR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?NkpXTWpSVVdpNTJaeXNHYjVVMVpNeG1TeXcwWjNsRGRucGtUMHAyTnJOR1N5Rm5heklHYnlFRFUwSm5NeWxVU0c5bWE1SkZhU0ptYnJjak5GUjFMNFJIV0VkRlZ4dFdRRVYwVWpsMGFYaERTVk5rZDZOMmJpNWtZSGhtV3ZFVGIySVRjTFpUZEdGR1NvRlRkWmhUU1VsR1pxRjNkSVpsYlpwV1k2NTJUMFpVYllsR1ZDTjNaSGxITWtGRmFyMW1WdDFFUjRaVlR6cGtReE1uYXhFV2VxVlhkRE5tV0doR1JzTm1ha1JuUUtaWFkzcFdkTUJ6WkdoVVFyRmtZbmQxTVJ0aVZEQm5VU1ZFVHVGVmI1WVVkR0ZETXNka05PVjBjUHBuV3dJSGNySUhhMnhtZDJOWFdvSjBMd0ZYZTRKWFNhZFVlaEZWYnlvM1RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?dUpXTWpSVVdpWjNaeXNHYjVVVmVNeG1TeXcwWjRsRGRucGtUMFIzTnJOR1N5RkhkeklHYnlFRFU1Sm5NeWxVU0c5bWE1SkZhU0pXZHJjak5GUjFMclJIV0VkRlZ4WlhRRVYwVWpsMGJYaERTVk5rZDJOMmJpNWtZSGhuV3ZFVGIySWpjTFpUZEdGR1MxRlRkWmhUU1VwR1pxRjNkSVoxYVpwV1k2NTJUeFpVYllsR1ZDeDJaSGxITWtGRmNyMW1WdDFFUndaVlR6cGtReDBtYXhFV2VxVm5lRE5tV0doR1JxTm1ha1JuUUtWWFkzcFdkTUJqZEdoVVFyRmtZM2QxTVJ0aVZEeG1VU1ZFVHVGRmM1WVVkR0ZETXFka05PVjBjUFpuV3dJSGNySTNhMnhtZDJOWFd4SjBMd0ZYZTRKWFNhZFVlaEZGZXlvM1RSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Sangeet Bhojpuri
http://?eUpXTWpSVVdpNTJaeXNHYjVVRmVNeG1TeXcwWjFsRGRucGtUMGQzTnJOR1N5Rm5keklHYnlFRFV1Sm5NeWxVU0dCWGFMWkhXcEpFYzRoWE9MUjJUeEYxTDZSSFIzY1daU0prZFRKMGJ1RjFiUE5VTTNWM1ozcEZTdndHYnpBSFVyODBiTUJEU09ORk5zaFRWMm9YVlJwSGQ2WlZPWVJ6WlNSM2IxOFdad056UVYxbWNZWlhkMWNIYVVGMmEwc0NOVlZGT3hWMGRzaG5jTnRXT25GVWJrdG1iQlozWVJKamN5TkZVNGszVFNsWE1IWnpRaGwxYXFkbmJCTlZUMDlrVG9ORFNsZG5VUEZYT2pKWGR2SVRaV3RFVjJWa1FaaEhXamQzWWxCRmNyOXlhSU5XVjZkR1V2OWtXeGRrUmhCSFYwSlZXTFZqYUVobU50eEVUcVYwTm1kRE5DTm5TbUJIUkpsbWNOOVVhSlZFTjZsVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3g5QrdK" group-title="Music Channel", Dabangg TV
http://?dkpXTWpSVVdpOTJaeXNHYjVVRmRNeG1TeXcwWjJsRGRucGtUMGgyTnJOR1N5RlhkeklHYnlFRFV0Sm5NeWxVU0dSbmFqVjNZMk5sZHRGV1N3czBWcUpFYnhBbFRUTlhiaGRVVFc5a2RKWlZhcWgxWnE5bVkzWm5lMnMyZFVObFFzaGxicmNGUlY5VVVvcGtUTEZHVXkwMmJZOVdVRGhUYm5sR2UxNEdOcGhYVW9SalVwbFdTNFkxTFJCWGFJVlZkRXhFVm5SalR2WjNMRVJuYnhSMkt4WVRhQjltTUt0eVYxNW1RMFEyTERwSFJXZFRicUYyWnlSVmJVUkhSNEZrU0ZaVFl6d0dPVWQwZHNSVmNJbG1lNkZuZW94MFYzTWtZV1pYU2pKMVV4cFhhWEpEZUNkbk4waERicmxqV1dSbk1LWkZhcHBsYVZoRmEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sgp1.digitaloceanspaces.com/quickcompany/trademark/38da866a0646683c.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", ABZY Movies
http://?d0pXTWpSVVdpZDJaeXNHYjVVVmVNeG1TeXcwWnZsRGRucGtUMGgzTnJOR1N5RlhjeklHYnlFRFV3Sm5NeWxVU0dobmEycFZTd28wY3ZJM2N5TWxZM3BuTnpKVlo1eDJiVWxFVEpsR2RZOTJMeEIzTnRGbmM2RnpMdEYzYm85bWMwOVNlbUowTXNaWFE2dDBNT3AxVTRkR1VDOXlVU2h6YVFWVmFxNTBkbjlrVzRFMEt5b21Oemh6TnlrbGN3UlhTMllITXIxa2VPbDBkMlVITmk5Q1JMZEZkb0JYWjVRM1JzcFdPdkUzTHJnbVlTNUdlNUpGYjJjWE4xOVdlNnRTTk9GSFdPUm5XemNuUjU1MGR0SlRieGNrZHhWV2RsaEZkeWRuTWxWelNvTkZjMWxUZTM4V1d2bEdkRVpuVGExMk5VRjJjUzFHZE10MlZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", ABZY MOVIES
http://?ekpXTWpSVVdpTjNaeXNHYjVVVmJNeG1TeXcwWm5sRGRucGtUMGgyTnJOR1N5RjNieklHYnlFRFV0Sm5NeWxVU0d4bWEycFZTd28wY3ZJM2N5TWxZb3BuTnpKVlo1bDNiVWxFVEpsbWNZOTJMeEIzTnlGbmM2RnpMdFozYm85bWMwOUNhbUowTXNaWFFxdDBNT3AxVTQxR1VDOXlVU2hqZVFWVmFxNTBkeDlrVzRFMEt5SW5Oemh6TnlrMWF3UlhTMllITTUxa2VPbDBkMm9HTmk5Q1JMZGxkb0JYWjVRM1IycFdPdkUzTHJJbllTNUdlNUoxYTJjWE4xOVdlcHRTTk9GSFdPcG1XemNuUjU1a2J0SlRieGNrZHBWV2RsaEZkeTltTWxWelNvTlZkMWxUZTM4V1c2bEdkRVpuVGE1Mk5VRjJjUzFHZU10MlZSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3g0xwB7" group-title="Music Channel", Box Cinema
http://?NkpXTWpSVVdpWjNaeXNHYjVVRmVNeG1TeXcwWnZsRGRucGtUMHQyTnJOR1N5RjNheklHYnlFRFV6Sm5NeWxVU0doR2FZRkZXa05qYXdJblZWcEVPeVpXVW1oR080WjNONFFGZHlRSGJHUm1VeVJYTzNCWGJVOTBLRk5uV3dkbVoyWUZicHhFWjFnSFJyaDFWNWhYZXhNblFKUmxiTlYzYjNsbWVQOUVUek4xWVFoSFRTbG5RWUoxSzBGbmFJUlZaSFJFVXFOMUw2OTBWNUZYZDVnMVR6RTJjNWNEUk9KWFdxVm1TMVpsWllkR1VqdEdUS3gwZHJ4MlJsdG1aM0YyUU1obGN6OW1lRnBVVGs5V2R4QVRkc05YUzRGRFRMWlRRalJIVnZJM0w1cDBkWXRVZE9SRGVxSmphSDEwTDVkWE8wcGtTdUJEY3d3V1QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://boxcinemedia.com/assets/img/logo.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Box Cinema
http://?NEpXTWpSVVdpOTJaeXNHYjVVbGFNeG1TeXcwWnhsRGRucGtUMDkyTnJOR1N5RjNieklHYnlFRFV5Sm5NeWxVU0doSGFZRkZXa056WndJblZWcEVPMVpXVW1oR080OTJONFFGZHlRM1pHUm1VeVJYT3dCWGJVOTBLRmhtV3dkbVoyWWxicHhFWjFnSFIxaDFWNWhYZXhNblFKUmxiTlZuYTNsbWVQOUVUd04xWVFoSFRTeG1RWUoxSzBGM2RJUlZaSFJFVTVOMUw2OTBWNTFXZDVnMVR6RW1iNWNEUk9KWFcyVm1TMVpsWllsSFVqdEdUS3hrYXJ4MlJsdG1aM0YyUU1obGN6Rm5lRnBVVGs5bWR4QVRkc05YU3lGRFRMWlRRanBIVnZJM0w1cFVlWXRVZE9SRGV0SmphSDEwTDVkWE8wcGtTdUJEY3d3V1QzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/2Y9KTc8" group-title="Music Channel", 9xM
http://?NUpXTWpSVVdpRjNaeXNHYjVVbGNNeG1TeXcwWnhsRGRucGtUMDkyTnJOR1N5RjNaeklHYnlFRFVvSm5NeWxVU0dWM1p0TlZlNDRFYzBwMGJIaERidjVXYlBoamNtZG5TcTEwTmlsamRZaGxNNEFqYXhabFkzSlZhdmNHTkpWWGN3RjBjWGhtYzFKVGF4Wm5iaHRDZFNsbWJHOXlhTVZXZHBsbmF5Umthb05XTzRoamQ1aG1iNUZVZHRkVGIwNW1Zd2dUU3pKWGF1bGpUbjFXU0ZaRWEySVhjdjlTWkQ5MFlxZDFUUTlpVjNvWE8xSm5TNTltYVZSVU9ZSjFUcU5sU3VwMlZsQlhUeW9XVm5sSGN2SUVlMkpsY3Zwa1dyZEZVQ3BHVU94a1Eya3paTHBXUnRCemQyRkRaSmhGTzNsR2NRUnpkRlZqZUZOMGFuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.iwmbuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/are-you-huge-music-aficionado-give-9xm-soundcaste-podcast-list.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9XM
http://?d0pXTWpSVVdpZDJaeXNHYjVVbGNNeG1TeXcwWnNsRGRucGtUMDUyTnJOR1N5Rm5heklHYnlFRFV0Sm5NeWxVU0dkM1p0TlZlNDRVZTBwMGJIaERiMDVXYlBoamNtbG5TcTEwTm9WWGV1WmtZNHBsVnpkRFNPOVdiVnBtVDBOMmFoZG5kdzgyU29CemI2dGtZdzFFTXdwbmF4MG1Ub0YyYVVCektyRTFUNGxEY1NkM1pycDJZUFpVZG1sRmVMbFZkMXRXZDVSblZZOTBTRmwzTUVsMEttTjBaMU4yZE9OMlZzSkhSeUJEVUhoM1l1SkhWaVJrY1o5eVlEUjNSMkYzYmpsbVY0NW1TNXcwYzZKemE1OXlaeW8zUnhkVWNNbGxTMkpYUXhRallHWlVkVzFrY3dRVGVvZGxVTUZEUlZsbmFZVmpNd1VFY3RoSE9SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3l3hIS6" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Tashan
http://?NUpXTWpSVVdpbDJaeXNHYjVVRmNNeG1TeXcwWnZsRGRucGtUMGwzTnJOR1N5RkhkeklHYnlFRFV4Sm5NeWxVU0c1bWFKTjFNalJ6YWtkV1Z6TmxhM1JtWnRabFVSaFdVWVJWV3FoWGF3UlRaWFJtWjRsa1ZhTjNWRUpYVFNsbFlYMUdidGhrWVdaRU51RjJUbGxUV1MxMktKQlhieGxqZHFsR1ZGUm5aNFozUnljVmRXdFdPYWwwUlhkRmNyazFLNDFXUXRoMU5TZHpNS1JIU0ZsSE14Tm5ldlJGY1lGWGV0bEVOM28wTDVOM0xsVjFMWmhrZFhKa1pDVkRldEYwTXBoVmJySVhXTUZUZVlwSGJxbGpTeEpEWjFCRlZpQkhOemtXVnhRa1dyQkRlWUZGVjBGM0twdFVOWkYyYklOM1puOWlRR2R6WnVWek5uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Tashan
http://?c0pXTWpSVVdpeDJaeXNHYjVVVmJNeG1TeXcwWjFsRGRucGtUMDkyTnJOR1N5RjNheklHYnlFRFUxSm5NeWxVU0cxbWFKTjFNalJEZWtkV1Z6TmxhMVJtWnRabFVSNVdVWVJWV0RCVmFvbGtWdWRtVTFGWE9SRlhUWXAzVklKV1V2MEVldlEyWnJwR2F2eDBTTE56Wnh3MllxcFZhWWhtZEtsbk1CSjNNNWR6ZHlOblR5bDJOdU4wUzFvMmNJaG1kalZsYTN4VU8xVkhhVGhYYkxKWGNKUlZjT1YwVDZwMVUybEZUM2huY1habloxMTBUWU5VZU1obmN3cDNMNHBrTWtwa1kxaDJkMk1EVTFRMGFXcG1jemxXTzJwV1VvSjFZNE5YYTJBek5DWjBieHRDUjZSMU5zOW1iemxrVXdwSE1vUkRST2wxWnlrMlpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qw5saV7.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Tashan
http://?dkpXTWpSVVdpaDJaeXNHYjVVRmVNeG1TeXcwWnBsRGRucGtUMGQyTnJOR1N5RjNaeklHYnlFRFV4Sm5NeWxVU0dSbmFKTjFNalJqY2tkV1Z6TmxhdlJtWnRabFVSbFdVWVJWV0RCMWRvbGtWdWRtVXFGWE9SRlhUWUozVklKV1V2MEVhdlEyWnJwR2FveDBTTE56WnhnM1lxcFZhWWhtYUtsbk1CSjNNMGR6ZHlOblR5ZDJOdU4wUzFvR2VJaG1kalZsYXp4VU8xVkhhVGhXYkxKWGNKUmxjT1YwVDZwMVU0bEZUM2huY1habloxMTBUWU5FZU1obmN3cDNMNXBrTWtwa1kxQjNkMk1EVTFRVWNXcG1jemxXTzNwV1VvSjFZNFZYYTJBek5DWjBieHRDUjZSMU53OW1iemxrVXd0R01vUkRST2xWYnlrMlpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Tashan
http://?eEpXTWpSVVdpMTJaeXNHYjVVRmFNeG1TeXcwWjVsRGRucGtUMEIzTnJOR1N5Rm5leklHYnlFRFV0Sm5NeWxVU0dwbmFKTjFNalJqZGtkV1Z6Tmxhd1JtWnRabFVSZFdVWVJWV0RCVmVvbGtWdWRtVTVGWE9SRlhUWXAzVklKV1V2MGtidlEyWnJwR2E1eDBTTE56WnhvM1lxcFZhWWgyYktsbk1CSjNNeGR6ZHlOblR5RjNOdU4wUzFvbWRJaG1kalZsYXF4VU8xVkhhVGRYYkxKWGNKUjFhT1YwVDZwMVU1bEZUM2huY1hsbVoxMTBUWU5FYU1obmN3cDNMbnBrTWtwa1kxQjNkMk1EVTFRMFpXcG1jemxXT3RwV1VvSjFZNEpYYTJBek5DWkVjeHRDUjZSMU52OW1iemxrVXdSSE1vUkRST2xWZXlrMlpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3aycxVe" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Jhakaas
http://?NUpXTWpSVVdpaDJaeXNHYjVVbGFNeG1TeXcwWnpsRGRucGtUMDkyTnJOR1N5RjNkeklHYnlFRFVxSm5NeWxVU0dwbWFIaEhaUVpqZVBOVmR3SlhPNUp6TXNsWFQxQW5UUE4xVENSVmV6RmxTWEZuTXhCVlo0d0VUMXRXUjNnbmFqVnpadTVtYk9kMFExSkRhNnhXTVBwbVFFTm5kTVpXYnZNRlRhdEVkdXBtUjExVWJ5STNUd1ozUW1sV2JxSmxSeHQwTXloRE5OUjFSR3RHYlF4V2VrVjBaVFpIVHc5a1R1dEVUSlJGTTFVWFpxUm5UR2gwYW9ORVNuRkhWejEwUzV3R08yZ1hOWVJqZEg5aWVuNVVVR05HUzV4a1V6UkdWMVlYUURkVmN4WW1hdUIxS2x0VWMzcEhPd0luYTAwV1dJRkhSbDEwZFNSak56WXphcVpXU0JsVlMwTVhlaGxHVFlCRGI0bG5lNTlTZXlSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa
http://?c0pXTWpSVVdpTjNaeXNHYjVVbGRNeG1TeXcwWnJsRGRucGtUMEIzTnJOR1N5RjNaeklHYnlFRFVxSm5NeWxVU0dkR2E1VlRiRUozY3RWelVVaHpaeXAwZFQ5MFJpbDNhdDkwTjQwVWFDZEVidmQyTHNGbVR0SkZaR0ozU1NKVWN2cFZlT05qVXJwa1N3cDJZb0pWYnA1MlNtZDNjeWQzYURORFZsbDBWNkZHT3pwVVZTZFdUelEwYnpNbGJNcEVUd3RTYm9KVVVyUlVOMW9IVXZnRmVYVkZkUHBYV3ZzbVl1WmtWYVJtWXR4bWV4OUNXd00xZElGRWN2TlRNNXR5YXBwRldLcG1UeEF6YUdOV2JSVldlaDFXUnhGRVdFZGpVVmhYVGpWbVVqcDJid1ZXYmFSRGUzZDJhRkZWZHhRM2RISlZjcmdrYjRsRk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa (1)
http://?NUpXTWpSVVdpQjNaeXNHYjVVbGNNeG1TeXcwWnhsRGRucGtUMFozTnJOR1N5RjNkeklHYnlFRFUxSm5NeWxVU0dGSGE1VlRiRUpIYnRWelVVaHpacXAwZFQ5MFJpZDJhdDkwTjQwMGFDZEVidmQyTHRGbVR0SkZaR0YzU1NKVWN2cFZlT05qVXJwa1NwcDJZb0pWYnBkMlNtZDNjeWRYY0RORFZsbDBWc0ZHT3pwVVZTSlhUelEwYnpNRmNNcEVUd3RTYjVKVVVyUlVOMVVIVXZnRmVYVkZiUHBYV3ZzbVlxWmtWYVJtWXQxbWV4OUNXd01GYklGRWN2TlRNb3R5YXBwRldLdG1UeEF6YUdOMmJSVldlaDFXUjJGRVdFZGpVVlpYVGpWbVVqcG1hd1ZXYmFSRGV1ZDJhRkZWZHhFM2RISlZjcmcwZDRsRk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3gXQutG" group-title="Music Channel", Manoranjan Movies
http://?d3BtVTRwM1V3eDJjMWNWVDRVa2R1TmxlM2hEY3doWFRUTlZPM0YzY29CVlNrMVdjdkYwVUZaVFpwZDJRNDhVVFlKM2NobHpZUmRuZWhaM1JyUVhScDFXWTQ4RU5WcDNUejUwTkNWWGNJZEVaV05uYXRaV1ppTjJOMnAzY1dCWFphOUdjdU5WVjBCVlZ1SkZXUTlTWVlSblMxQkZUTVZrZXhNVFoxbG5NdnAyYlBWR1VVMVdXMkJWY2pwbWJ5RUVWeEVtWjVkRFJDUlRNR0puYkVGbFVRbGtlTTlFV1c5MFZ1OTJWemx6TWxSblF4UkZXclZsZDUwbWQwOVdTdWRYZXdoMGFJaG1RaUpUWTFNMlpGTlRZSWhUZTBwbmEwQlhUYWRtUjZwbU54MDJjUVZqZU1kMmRyMVdVWmQxYmtkbVRDQkhVMHNXYXNaMFpqaGxiMnBYUTNkMVNLQkhOSnRHVnNwbWIxVjJNemdGWnFkV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MANORJAN MOVIES
http://?M3BtVTRwM1V3RjNjMWNWVDRVa2N1TmxlM2hEY29oWFRUTlZPM2QyY29CVlNrMW1ldkYwVUZaVFozZDJRNDhVVFlwMmNobHpZUmRuZGhaM1JyUVhSdjFXWTQ4RU5WRjNUejUwTnc4eVp6ZFdXV0pGTnVKR2JTMUdNc2xYY0pwRU5zRm5iaVZqWnhrWGI0dFdNMUFYZG1aWGMyRlhheWhVYTFvR015VUVSclpGVnpwbk41aEhkeXNTVFdwWGJURlVjV1JtZW9sbWFaSjBSdkpYVXFGME1EVldlNUJuTXdsRVRucG1jM0V6WkdObmNEUjNaNUlWYlpCRGFVWjBNNVYzUkhSMlVFbEhkMFVUV3ZNM2FxZGtSNWQxWTY5aVFGRjJOeEpuYkJoR2NySURjNGsyYTFjRWJydEVkdTVtVlloR09HdFdlNVZqYlkxR05SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/31Zf7jp" group-title="Music Channel", WOW Cinema One
http://?d3BtVTRwM1V3RjNjMWNWVDRVa2J1TmxlM2hEYzZoWFRUTlZPMzkyY29CVlNrMUdkdkYwVUZaVFpzZDJRNDhVVFlOSGR4QjFOMUoxZDFSamIwbzFRNkprVWhKVVJCOUdNT3BIUk1kRmR1dFNXeW9XT3NSWFFQaDFSVlZuY0hKMU5zSjFidGRXVFRwa00yTkZjWHAxZElKWFFUVkZhSWwyZFZsMlY0b21WdzFVTXpsbFVXbDNMQkZYVVBKWGRXMVdhVngwUTFaME0waHpSaGRYZEdaR1pDZGpicmxVYTFJWFN4TlRla3RVV3JWM1pJbG5jMTl5Y2hKa00wb21WbmRFT1dGR2JEMTJZQnRTVTJnWGJaTm5aTzkyTHhaak1NaGxVem8zVmxGRFRpQjNaaUZVV21kbFlvVlhWMVkyVTZCblYzbEZUcm9VZHZsa2RHZFdZdE5IVjFKVVZxWjNWbTEyVU9kMWFzZG1lWHRVTXRkWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", WoW CINEMA
http://?NHBtVTRwM1V3aDNjMWNWVDRVRWF1TmxlM2hEYzRoWFRUTlZPM3AzY29CVlNrMW1jdkYwVUZaVFpwZDJRNDhVVFkxR2R4QjFOMUpsYTFSamIwbzFReEprVWhKVVJCcEdNT3BIUlNKbWJyQlZUdlFIWnk1R09OdG1VNWczS0RKMFV4OEdiNElXT0pwa00zeDBOTFJXY1IxR1IzVkdiMDRVZGlkVVJ5bzNacE5VT3hrVmVQNW1ibVpGYUlwV2VHQjNNRVJUUzFwSE1FbG1TTUZYTUtGemJhUlZhM2swVVBoM1Q0VlZaVXhHZVJkM2N6eEVVNkZuYkVOa01UVm5adlpITzMwRWIzcG5abFZrUzNabWF2a25NWGRtTXRWVGR2ZEdleE1IU0UxMlQ0a25lUFZYZFJsbVk2SmxiUmgzY0k5V05JTlZlSlIyZFJGbk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925755500s.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", Wow Cinema
http://?eHBtVTRwM1V3aDNjMWNWVDRVMGN1TmxlM2hEY3RoWFRUTlZPM2QyY29CVlNrMTJadkYwVUZaVFpxZDJRNDhVVFloSGR4QjFOMUpGZTFSamIwbzFRMEprVWhKVVJCZEhNT3BIUlNKbWVyQlZUdlFIWjY1R09OdG1VNTgyS0RKMFV4OEdiNElXT0pwa01weDBOTFJXY1JSSFIzVkdiMDRFYWlkVVJ5bzNaeU5VT3hrVmVQcG1ibVpGYUlwV2NHQjNNRVJUU3FwSE1FbG1TTTlXTUtGemJhUkZjM2swVVBoM1R0VlZaVXhHZVJWM2N6eEVVNkZYYkVOa01UVm5acFpITzMwRWIzbG5abFZrUzNaR2N2a25NWGRtTXdWVGR2ZEdleG9HU0UxMlQ0a0hiUFZYZFJsbVl3SmxiUmgzY0lWWE5JTlZlSlJtY1JGbk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Bflix Movie
http://?b3BtVTRwM1V3bDNjMWNWVDRVRWF1TmxlM2hEYzZoWFRUTlZPM0IzY29CVlNrMVdidkYwVUZaVFpuZDJRNDhVVFlsbmRhUkZackZuYzNoVVJRWmpZelZUY1hobmN3cDNacWhrV3ZZRGQ0WlVUSzlDWjJSbVJ6WkdOMTltWXdOVmE1RjBaMFFqVndOVVV6UjBObzkyVjBvMk5MbGpTTE5uY1dKMU5HMVdRdVJqYlVwbVpFQm5ZSUpYZE1kVmI0SkdNMFVsV3pKV09yMGtRTlIzUm45MmRGWkRkNjkwVmtsMlYwSnpLd29FV3dJblFWSkhSVk4yYnpkWFl6QUZjeTFrVUk5aWVsUkhXQ0ZIUzRoR2RuRjJTeDRtWnRGV1VoUnphQ3hXUkhkemN3QTNiaGRrV3dOWGM2bG1ieWh6TXhFM2JESnpNeFVGYmlwRk9TQm5ibjFrYjZGWE0zSm5UeFptUkwxMGFvbEZhU2xsYXcxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/bflix-movies-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Bflix Movies
http://?b3BtVTRwM1V3cDJjMWNWVDRVMGJ1TmxlM2hEYzRoWFRUTlZPM3AyY29CVlNrMTJhdkYwVUZaVFo0ZDJRNDhVVFlSbmRhUkZackZYYTNoVVJRWmpZMlZUY1hobmN3bDJacWhrV3ZZelo0WlVUSzlDWjBSbVJ6WkdOMWhuWXdOVmE1RmtjMFFqVndOVVVwUjBObzkyVjAwMk5MbGpTTE5IY1dKMU5HMVdRcFJqYlVwbVpFVm5ZSUpYZE1kMWE0SkdNMFVsVzNKV09yMGtRTkYzUm45MmRGWmplNjkwVmtsMlZ3SnpLd29FV3dZblFWSkhSVk5tY3pkWFl6QUZjMzFrVUk5aWVsZEhXQ0ZIUzRobWRuRjJTeDRtWnZGV1VoUnphQ1JYUkhkemN3QVhjaGRrV3dOWGN5bG1ieWh6TXg4MmJESnpNeFVsZWlwRk9TQm5iMDFrYjZGWE0zeG1UeFptUkwxa2FvbEZhU2xsYXcxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/2EfPNNy" group-title="Music Channel", BFlix Movies
http://?d3BtVTRwM1V3VjNjMWNWVDRVa2R1TmxlM2hEY29oWFRUTlZPM1YzY29CVlNrMVdldkYwVUZaVFoxZDJRNDhVVFk5bWRhUkZackZIZDNoVVJRWmpZcVZUY1hobmN3UjNacWhrV3ZZVGU0WlVUSzlDWm5SbVJ6WkdOMU5uWXdOVmE1RkVkMFFqVndOVVV5UjBObzkyVjBrMk5MbGpTTE4zYVdKMU5HMVdRelJqYlVwbVpFcG5ZSUpYZE1kMWI0SkdNMFVsV3pKV09yMGtRTkYzUm45MmRGWmpkNjkwVmtsMlY0SnpLd29FV3djblFWSkhSVk5XY3pkWFl6QUZjdzFrVUk5aWVsRkhXQ0ZIUzRoV2JuRjJTeDRtWnpGV1VoUnphQ2hYUkhkemN3QTNkaGRrV3dOWGNzbG1ieWh6TXhnM2JESnpNeFVGY2lwRk9TQm5iNjFrYjZGWE0zcG5UeFptUkwxa2VvbEZhU2xsYXAxVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.vimeocdn.com/portrait/5136072_640x640" group-title="Religious Channel", Hadi TV 1
http://?cEZUYTRobFFWaFhOQ0ZtWTRZamVMaDJWVzlpZDRkMGI0RTBUSEJuY29GMGNLWkRjUXRrYXNabGQwVmtTMGdYVUNoSE9hWm1SUlZ6YnRaMVN0UlVNcloxTDVsR1JPRlhTVkJuZHZGbGE1UVdaMVVuUjFOV1RDWjJOV2RHYjFObVR4cFhlSTVtUnhaVWNxQjFMRU5GVmh4bVpabFhWSXhrZHZrR08xSldNMnBsYVFaa1RWRjNTU2RHVXpGbGJIeGtlS1pGU3FkMmJRQnpaUk5IVENWRlZvaFZib1JXTzVwR1Z5bEZhUWRIVzM0V1ZNaDBOdVJFYVlsV2R0cDBkMjVrV3BWVFp4NEdaNGdsYlZ0MGRvZGxSMHBWYW4xMlZTbGphV3RXT1JSRGV0VkZlVWRrZHZWVmM2VjNheHN5Y29aM1NWOUVVbWRtZTNJMVRGcDNaNVpFY2lOMll1QlhWYXBYVnJJbGFIWkdaMGxYVzFoVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mst3k.com/userFiles/uploads/logos/mstlogo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Mystery Science
http://?PWttYUdwMExVQkZja2RIZEgxRVVvZFhjNkpVYlloV01aNUdUdlozZElsMlZ6NVVldVprZDFGbFFrdG1WeWhrV0hsbGF5Y1ZXeGhEZHRoVllpWldjUGRYVHRSMFR6UTFhV1JsVHpnV1IzVkdkelVVUmpOSFRHTjJUc1IwYVJkM1F2NDBVcWhVVWxOMlY1bDNOcDlpZFY5R2RMUkdWYXBrUm9Gblp6eGtabGhYTUI5U2FVRkhhT2xIZDU4U2V3QnpVMllWY3hjMlR6c21UWXAxYnhjMVF0WlhadmxrYUxGRU92b1dRRkZVVDFZVmNYVm5kMXRTVHZaRmRUOVNOemQyUjMxR1RNTjNhMG9FVmt0eWR3VjFhMklHZGtkM2Exa1RaTzVFZWtGSGFUZEVi
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pQ7nl12.png" group-title="International News Channel", NDTV Profit
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c1/Newsmaxlogo.PNG/259px-Newsmaxlogo.PNG" group-title="International News Channel", Newsmax
http://?MmwzUmhWM0w1SlhUSEp6TE1Ka2JKTjJMSkpHTnFSVWU0TWtVWFpYUnhWMVozZGtiUTlVVnRKemJyWm5lcmgwY1paWFV6a2taWWxEY0RwblR4cG1ZclpUTW9CMU0xMFdaSU56UmkxVWRGSkdjMXhVVTBkMmJteG1WUVYzZGpaVWIwTm5iNXhrWUdablJ5ZEdjM1JGUzJRSE4yWTBNNFZVYzVwbVZEOTJSdXhFTloxRVNhZEhWVU5YVjJWSGRQRkZPdzVXUXRwR1NhVlZSblpuY3pCWFpHcGxhaWhVUnVWMlJxRmpUMkZVVUJsV2IyOWlSUXQwZHVsMFpJcEdaMGRqTTBnalYzbEhkbjFFTk1abmQySkhPM3dXYXh0aVFCZGxUU04zY1BkbGIzVTJhSFZGU0lkbWMzTjNWbTUyYWpKSGVuQkhPRlJWY2hKMEszMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e5/NASA_logo.svg/1224px-NASA_logo.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nasa Public Tv
http://?eUpqYlVkSFJCUm5Td1YyTVpWSGVNaGxRd1owTnY1VVFTbFZhVkozSzVVbE1NQkRic1ZHY3VwMmJzNUdUQmwxWmtSM1p6WW1Vdk5XZFBsbmNxZDBTcWwzTDVNMmMxTW5jT3BYVXRkRGUwa1hVNVVWUXFGWE9DeEdhdzAyYk1oVVl2Z1hhSFpVVDVSMWQxTjNWNTFVZXJwSGN6eEdNMDhHZEM5Q04wMG1jczlVZFpsVGF6TjNRV2hqYVRkamFORmxhNDRVTnpoVE9wTldUUUJYZUNSRVNMVlRkTmhGT29SRWQycGxlalJIU1hGSE5tZDNjdnRpZHJRV1R0RlZic2gwTEhCSFRIbEdXTGxEZTBRMmROVlZhTFZtTTFOMmJXdFNlR04zTEhwWFRTaEZhbUZsUWFsalY0OVNTMkptVDNrV2VaRmtjcjFrZDFsa01SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko Expres
http://?dE56UWxsRVR5UTNhejRFV2hsWGF3ZGtTNEUyUnI5aVZPbERhdXBXZUNGblpFQnpkUHRtUjI4R1I1VkdUMEYyYnloR2IyTlVSMk1UYVBGSGVpMUVhcGwxVVFKV1FUaEdUeFpWZElKVWJNNVdiT2gxVnVaVlJNWkdXRFJIU1ZSVFJ6Tmxib1ZrVW1wMGF1UkdaU1ZrVG5CM2NqVjBMbkZXZVA1bVpQWmxldjlVTjZaRmM2OUdldzRVU3d3VWVHQmxiRmhXTjFGWFN3NUVPbnRXTnhBMVYzeEVkNE4yWVl4VVF3SlZZT0ptYzFrR2RYbG5RNElWYnJKR08xaDNRNVIyUkZwMlJwdFdkSGRuWVNWMGJpdEVXa0ZYYnhwbVZLTjBiNTFtTU1OVmNLWm5iTTVtYzBnVWN6cDFRanhFVmFObmRNSlhUclFYYzVVRmRGTjNRd1IxS3ROblpLOUdlMHRrUnExMmFhTmxZWHRXV3V0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko STAR
http://?cE56UWxsRVR5ZzNhejRFV2hsM2N3ZGtTNEUyUjI5aVZPbERhdUpYZUNGblpFQnpkUHRtUjI4R1IzVkdUMEYyYnloM2FHVlZjUGxWY0JWV1ZCdHlid1ZUVGs5VWRLZDJTeWNWYXlSVWROVlZaS0J6TXhoV1F3ZDFWT2gyUVhaV2QwbDJiNWdrYzIwR1JycDBjVDkwWWhsbllJZERSc0ZVYUdwMVJyTW5XdDFtUnlOSFZ6b1hiSEoyTWl0aWI1RkhXR0YwVHVoRWJwdGlNRGxYUWlWbGE2ZFhkV1pqUXc1bVN2cEVlNWtGWlBKWGEzVW1aVVJVZFZSR1dsbEZPNTlrTkROV1d0OW1SSVpHT3VaMVpyczJRc1puTjRKelFZWjFhMmhtY1NoM2R0VlhkdGQxTEpGR1N5bGxiWTlpTkJ0Mk1oRjNaSHBXZGlSWFRONUVWdVpIWk5GbWN3aDNhNlZ6YnlBM2QwSkVkYVZGY3h0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko
http://?b056UWxsRVR5czJhejRFV2hsSGJ3ZGtTNEUyUnc5aVZPbERhdXRXZUNGblpFQlRkUHRtUjI4R1IwVkdUMEYyYnlobmJHUm5ZTUZuY05WMWNCcEVPcVptV3VSa1ZzMUdUcGRWV2E1bWVFVlhUM0kyTTNKSE5FUkhkNWhHVERWMVJXZEZkRE5sUkJKRlpucGtXdUZrZXp3R2J5Z0dha3R5WkloVWFGZHphemhIV3hFWFNWbFhONFIyUmhWR2NQSkhPbkp6VDBsVWRqWkhiQkpYVGxkVU0yUVdjR0pWT3c5aU54VkhWRVYyYjVobVMxTldXM3dFZTNGbVp2eFdRcmgzVFNOak5EZEdiSzEyVE5SVmV6b2tSU1Z6WnFWRlpubFRUTTVtV29kM2JUVkVjUjlHTTFRRmE2WnpWamhYYlk1MkxvTjNkMEIzY1Yxa2M1OUNSdnBIVzVVRWNxTlhVR1ZuWVo5RWNzaG1jMEFEV25OV1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko Gold
http://?ME56UWxsRVR5ZzNhejRFV2hsWGV3ZGtTNEUyUjI5aVZPRkRSNGRYV2FSV1ozc0NlS1YyS0Rka2NuVlRld1kxWk5KWGNsRjFkTHBGY0paRlpDQkhlelozWlc1a01HaEdldHBIYk9KRWJXcEdiQjVXVHFKV1pFSmxTU1ZuTTBkMVlWbFdkbFJUVlU5RVI2OTJiNEVFZXZjbll6d21XRTlXZEtGSGNoOWljcVJuYng0a2JzbG1lNTQwWldSbmFqNVVaNkZIYXFWa1k0OWtabUpITXNKa2JFUkRieXBWYUlWRU95RkRWdkJIWndZbk5WMTBkMWxIZG9GSGF1bGpOc0pEUkpGRlZKUlhkeUkwVlNORmQySnpaalZGU3dkR1ZudEdNQmgyTG14MlVFSldhV0pUTkVkMUx5UlRNc2QwS3ljWGJacFVSS2RIYld4a1pKUm1TNmhsY2xGR1MyeEdhS05rVXNGR2FrTkROcEIzY3J0V1A=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 English
http://?eXAxTHZFMVJvQjNkWnRXT2hoVmFaaGxhNVkxZG9oVllhUlRRR1pYUnhGV1NOTjJiTHhFVEhWVU0zdFNicVJqTnVOSFJWNVVZRjUwYkxaWFlZUnpUNUpHVExkMktKWkhTb1JFVGFsMGFtTmpZaFJEYm45MlZIZFVTTGhXV1JORlNUVmtkemhETlNWemRzTmxVdWxYYUVwV1lRWm1acjBFZTNZMmRUQkhTdHRpWUJCVmJ4Z0hiSkZFYlVCbGVzOW1ScE4xTjZWR1owSjJWMGhHVUxobGN6QjNaalZITU5sVmJwTjJZeG9uVDFsblpvWnpaaFJuYTBvSGNrUjBaNXQwTk9wbFp5aEdXTmRHT0s5eWN3NG1Rd3MwTnhWWFZGWkZXd3cyWkJGRU1SWmxkdll6S1RsWGNxSnpRdEJUUXV0R1R5UlZkc1JuYTBnbllsRkdXNmhqVFFaM2M0b0hWekpIT0NaMmR1QjNOenNDVnZOWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/uk-mta-international-3683.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA World
http://?d3AxTHZFMVJvQjNkWnRXT2hoRmRaaGxhNVkxZHBoVllhUlRRRzFXUnhGV1NOTkdlTHhFVEhWVU10dFNicVJqTnVWblExMW1lREYyY0tGVVNFVm5VMFJGYnN4bVdZeG1ZblJIZDRsM1p2TnpSM0UyTXBWbmVxRnpLeE4zZEo1RWRFQkRiV3BGTXc5RWV3MTBSMlVtWUJsMlFNNVdPd0UwYUZsMFkyUjBOc2huVFdsRVN3RjNVNThFUlhsVmFQaERjckYwWXloMFV0QjNOSVZuYVZSRVIwaDNiMkpuUUx4a1UzOW1UUUZtZG5sSFd6WUdaSzlDYjFSMVZGdFdTeHRtZXJaMGFycFhjdGRsWnJna2R5NW1SeUpGYTFGak1oaGxNR2QzVEpsbVpoOW1kQ2RuZFJSa1lxdFdTQjkyU1ZsM2FUNUVVcWhUZEI1MlYxZHpRcWgyYnhjblFYVm5aenhtVW5aV2JvOW1hT2xYYnFsVlA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b3nn216.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 Urdu
http://?eHAxTHZFMVJvTjNkWnRXT2hobGVaaGxhNVkxZDFoVllhUlRRR2xYUnhGV1NOTkdhTHhFVEhWVU0ydFNicVJqTnU1V1FQaFZZc04wYndJWGQ1aHphb05XYnpFR1pOMW1RMUFIU2kxR2VKcGxNR2RGT3hWR1I2QkZSUzFtV0p4bWN3Y2xjMFVrTXJSMlUySkVVWEZFVldSSFJESlVXWlJXYWx4MFRxRjBWdmgwVXg1MktIbFdTeVpIWnNkRWRWSlVjMkkyYW8xRVNGZGxjd1pYY1ZoM1RXTlVieE1HTXh3bVU2cEZWWkJ6SzNsR1ZHbDBTaU5IYVNsRFoxb1VZeGhrUWxsVmM1c1dUbFZHTk9oMmFaQm5XV2h6WXBWbFpVcG5SRmxuU3ZNRGM0b25kMGRrVmhOM1N1aDFReGhGTUQ1bVZXdDJSeUlXZHpZRE1oaDNjcWxWVTJSbmJ3NVdiMlZuUTFvR2V5ZzFVSVpYTTFSVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐœÐ°Ñ‚ÑƒÑ€ Ð¢Ð’ HD
http://?c1puV3RWVVIxczJaeW9GUnpoMlpTcEViRUpWWnl4V2RHZEZhdDFXWUpaa2NycFdhMG9XYzBjWGUwNVVia0ZVYVlsbWNEbDBiUkptZE5KVlozTlRSd0IzYVBOemJaZEdjTmgwS1JCbGJ5SjNicEJIZXJOblp0dG1aSTFXYjQ5MGNVNTJkSUZ6Um9KRlZ5Rm1XWTlDVkZGbmVOdEVhb1YwZHlabFR3WlVRMzFrUzRVbE16TUhOMGMzUXo4U2V4STJSdlVtUTZ0aWF6RVhaSjkyU1psSFY0UVZiUE5sWnZjalY1UkhPMzRrTm9wWFZzQjFMMkYzYnZZMmQwSURaNFZsYjFJSFVNaDJVSVYyU09OVGNTaG5Za0puWXZGMllaVmxTcGRIYUdSbU4wOWtlWDlDWnVsbFJ6RmtUeGxFZDFoWGJXNW1iMDFXYXZKamUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://calcuttanews.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/ctvnlogo-1.png" group-title="International News Channel", Calcutta News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/HBO_Signature_Asia.png" group-title="ULS PLus", HBO Signature
http://?cVZrTng4MmRvQjNkNVpuZFZkR2NzdFdWelJYWXh0U2V6cDBWNHBXUzJvWFkzMEdlNEYxVXZna014aDBTMmtXVzFnbmFHcFVaekJuYTBJMU5KWmtZMkZIYkU1VVRQTlhkSzFXWjNCemF3SjJLM01uYXNGV2MySkRlb2hIV3NSemROcG1lYXBFZW4xVVYzQkhhdloxUnp4bVRTRjJiWUYxYUJWelpDbDBWM0pUWTZKMFVSSlhjMjFXWXFWMloxWVhVc0JqWnd0MFp5UUdSdWhXYnc0MFFFVkRkNW8yYTFvR2J5UlVXMWRtVlRGM1JSTjFRaEpuZGFOa2EzWlZjNTlTZDZCbGR2a0hTRWRsYWhoemNvRkZUck5qZXJKVmMxcEdPdzlXTXdFWE5TMWtiSnhXZVNCRmRvSkdWMEFUYmtkV2VJaDBjMEZIYklWa1FabGpaMnhHUktobmRSQjNRaVIxTTRNMmRJUkdOWmRGVDVCVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqra Bangla TV
http://?PUFuV3ZWMUsyODBiMGcyWXlkVFF5QkRUTmhVT2lCWE1IQlhVckIxYmFOblFMUjNOcGxXT2t0R2JzUkhTcEowWTJVRWF1ZFVjUjlTZDJSelFTQlRUTWxtZDJkektwZDNaQ2xIYXhvRmMwaEhXTVJXVUpkSE0zVmpXdVpHY0VsMVZKTjBSeE5FZUNSR2I0NTJTMnhVTnJVbGN0ZGtSRlJUUXRORVpyTkZXemczTXJBRlNMbGxhMWxHVm14RWJvWlhSUzltZFJsWFp2VTFWd00yY3g5RVd1OTJRMTltWTNJRGR4UVhXaUJWU2tSbWN6YzBRanRTYnd4a05JbERWTGgyUnZRSFR6ZDNhU3RpVXZkMWR2NW1OeWttVkJGSFcwRVRTNGNFZVo1a1Iwb1ZU
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NiO6TYC.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Zeta TV
http://?enhXWmtsVmIxOG1TVTFFTnZNMlowazFSRGRYZXlwR1U2MUVSelZuUjA4bVI2cEhhelkwYW1OSE02WkdNc2xGZXhsblJDOXlTMEVUYzBsVWVoOVdid3BVVnZnWGVGeDJkNXNFYm9oR2RUbDJkbFJIZG5wM1NTTm1OSTVXZURaalNyRW1hcmN6YXBoR2UxSldRdGhET1lKSGF4cFZWd2RHZWhSbllzSlZUb0ZITzRRbmFTNVdWNXBWTjFkbGM1UUVaWEJEYnpKa2I1UXpWSXAyU3oxMlV6Z2piSFIwVTVBSGIxUkhPdWQzWjQ5MlZUbEVlSEZVYzNVa2U0NUdhNGRHY001bVcwdFdZTnBVTUhwWGRPcDFWVUpXZHhORmN3RUVSbWRXVUh0Q2FoeEVjRXBXWVFWelV3eDJSRloyWTJFWFVDWldaU2hqYTFBbFpMQlhRc3QyUlBCVE1XNUdOSmRsVjVoV2VhUjNLWVZsWXhWVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ru Tv
http://?PWNtYkRwa2JMRlViRkJIY1FoVFUxSjFVU1JuYmlsSFRRVnpSUVpUYk8xMkxZTm5admxrYTFRak4zeG1UTXBXYnlGa2VqQmpjNElETzFCblFLcG5UTGgzS3BGSFNHVkdjamRVWXBaSFRxQkhhT0JYWWpsMlZFaDNSc3hXYUdGR2QzWjNOdWgwTHpwbmNrTlhSTzFrTkdWemFMcG5OM2x6TDNOR2U1SkhSRHQyWnRWelNXbG1hSTFHWm9SMFE1WjJSNHNrVFF0MmJVZHpWM0VHYjQwRWFHNVVlbnhFYUc5MkxZeFdiTVpYWVVkVWNIRmxVVXhHVXFOWFQzcGtUdDVtWnlNRU9NTkRkS2huVTFRR2NvZEZXYTFFTnZCM0tZTlZkclZEZWF0MFVYUkZh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Ð ÐµÐ½ Ð¢Ð’ International
http://?NTlFV3BGV1J1bDJSSGhWVjRJR2F5eFdlSEpUWXJka2VETldNSzFtWnBobGV2MDJjclZEUnFkRVRwVm5RUVZFYXdwM0t0Rm5RTVpqZElkWFZuVkRiek5YUXJ3RWFwdDJka0ZIVDRBMWMzOUNXeGdGV3kxR2RzTm5VM1ozTlhkR08yZ0RlQ05EZXdRMWFubFhRT2RHZFZwWFFsWlRVeHNHYlNGMGNodFVSNUp6S0JWM1o0bFdZUlZWY3lsbWVYeEVjaHRXVDJSbk5aSldNU0ZuTnc4VVZ6QkhiWkpUYjNSbFVyUm1aRnAyTFhCWFR1RjFiaGxsZDBNMFJsbFdObkpYY1JCVlcwQTNWbkZVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8f/MBC_2_current_logo.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KXuzL1u.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 2 ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Action HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/n3TgfP0.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Action ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F5ER0we.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Drama ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcQizUbUT8maNhKAFqfByMLR7iwuILbHrJ2Tlw&usqp=CAU" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Max HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/X6EliFm.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Max ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F5ER0we.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Drama Plus ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GmgibYW.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Wanasah ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.slagrtv.cz/files/logo-slagr.png" group-title="Music Channel", Å lÃ¡gr
http://?eWgxWTJKRmUyTlhSUmxVZXBSMWE2TkhiaHRFU25KemJOcFdUMkJYYVk1MmI0YzBidjRXZWFkMkw2TlhSaVprVHV0V1dqUlVjM1lUY3ZrME1SRmxVb2x6VDJZVmFseFdaVzlDWkRCRmMxYzNSUXBGYnd4RU4xa1hhM0JIYVZoellwNWtiWGhqV2lsWGN4UkVhV3RDVE1OWE9QcEhldlVqYUpWRGJ6RmxOb2hrTXdVRGFwWm5NeU5FUkxGVGM0VlZVaEZXYm5WSFJTcDFjWnAyVnFwa2FxVjJaejlrUUYxbVNyUjJaMmdFYjF4bWJtZGxlVmxUY1VWemJubEhVc05GY0J4R1JDMVdjalozS3BObWJhQjFMNFlIZXdkV1dUVkVWS2gzY09wR09ybzJkU1YwWVFaWGUxeEVlYUJsWXl0R1JqRm1USFJqZEpwbFZWMVVRNE5IY0dwbmNTaG5NYUprUXdJVWRGdDBScUowY29kWFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ary Musik
http://?PThHU0lkbVEwUm5iTEJqZXZWbWFxSlRld0UwUjZOWE1PQkRWMElEZDA1a2FweEVWeEJUZG1KVmF1SkhkSmwwUzRnbWNtZFVhdVZsWm5aemN5OWlkVnBIVjBOR2UyUkhjaGgyUmFwRVIwSkhSd0lsYXA1V1ZqcDFOM1ZXZUw5VVZpVkROeHAxU3FabGVwcDJWREpqWUVwWGJLNWtjdUoxYXdwR1Z3eFVVWjlXVnJRalNIcDBhejhrWnpVV1ZvUkRXTFZUWlJOM01UcFVjeUFWZTRrRlZXaFdUeWQzYUN0VVpVUjNMbnBuVHdkMWJyMDJaMGgyVHhaWGJVQjFUNUZYYnI1VWJtSm5lbHBrV2poVU53VlhZYVJVZDVjWGJVcFdXNE4wYVBkbVZySUhN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Musik Live
http://?PWNHU0lkbVEwUkhiTEJqZXZWbWF5SlRld0UwUjZSWE1PQkRWMElqZTA1a2FweEVWNUJUZG1KVmF1ZEhkSmwwUzRnbWJtZFVhdVZsWnNaemN5OWlkVmRIVjBOR2UyUkhhaGgyUmFwRVJ1SkhSd0lsYXBCWFZqcDFOM1ZXYkw5VVZpVkRONXAxU3FabGVweDJWREpqWUVwbmJLNWtjdUoxYTRwR1Z3eFVVWmxYVnJRalNIcEVjejhrWnpVV1Y2UkRXTFZUWlJoM01UcFVjeUFGYTRrRlZXaFdUdmQzYUN0VVpVRjNMbnBuVHdkMWJyMDJaMGgyVHlaWGJVQjFUNWRYYnI1VWJtSm5ibHBrV2poVU5xVlhZYVJVZDVrWGJVcFdXNE4wY1BkbVZySUhN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Afrobeats
http://?PWtuUkVWMk14UUhheVFGZUpsbFFvcDJWNVJYVG1sbU14bGtjRjFVZXdrVGV1dHlLNTVHU0RsVVNDbG1iSjl5S29ORmN5Y1ViNVlEVjNwM0swUmpXMGtuU0NoV2NacEdjNTVrY0ZWMVI0ZDNVMXBVWWFkWGFuVjBSVTltYTUwbU1SQjNjc1p6YzFwR1poNTJaM1JHYndObGEzTTNMUlJGYXFKVE9MTnpTRmhXVUxKM0wyZ2plMVZVVFBOak11NWtibkJqZTBobVl3SlZRck4zWnlSblFDOVNZekpXWTBkRVdZWkhXRnRFYmlkVGN6a25adlVqYm9salJ2UW1RWFZIVE90R2FtbDBkQ2xWVHl4V052ZEhXd1JVU09wR2VtQnpVcWgzYlNKM1UzSWtk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9n02RJU.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Amar Ujala
http://?MVYwTmx4R056NTJVT1YwUXlnRGVCWldkSjVFTjZkbmJWWlRiQ2xYT1VwblpKQmpiT2hXWkhsMFNweEVjYUJETnhvWFpzSm5URGgyWnZRbVJWQlhNcUpXUTJOVlo1ODJMaTlHYnlKbmNpbFZWWkZuVDFGMFJwdFdiVkYzTFNGblR2WUdhbE5GVk9KM1lwRmxZUkpUWTU4MlQ2ZG1XR2h6ZGlwMmFOcFhNb2xrYXZrMk1DZEhVNkp6S0NKRmJrTlVhWUoyVW9kRk5UNVdhWlpYUWtwWFZLVlZjTkYxVExsMk5yVjFjNFVXVnk0V1pHaGpjeE5uY3NaRFQ2TkhPMzUyS2paME02MUdkdFJIT1d0R2FDWm5hRFZYY29kWE9WRkZhWTltUW5wbVRpQmxhMElVUkd0eVF0MWthWlJ6VnJkbVFFWlhNMnBtZTM0R1czMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RzPOwqI.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Spacetoon
http://?d0YxTGpsRk4yY0dhejBXYjNrR2NIcEdWbVJHV3dwMEtqWkhVM0lYU0JkVWI1QjFiMFozVnlsVVIxVjJVNVVGZVh4bVV5TkZWMTFXZFFaV014UW1Tc1IwYnZjemM0cG1iMVVsV3FKMlpyRUhVdngyWnlKWGFVUlhVamgzYklSRGQ1dG1hdWxIZDFsemNxSlRUNlozTU9WWFd4eDBaSlJVZDM5MFZ6TW1idzlTT2tCak02VjNhdGxVTmxaVmIza1dWWWQzS3JKemRYaFdkR0pIUzFrRWF5QjFaaGRFZExsR1c1Um1NbloxTmlGSFUyazBRdjhHYVhKelU1WnphNDFVTkdwM0tGbDNZeVpsVnk4aWR6SmtibWhYUXd0V1NORkdjUWxHV2k5U2VTUjJhTzlrZXhFMVk0dFVNS2xUYXZWSGJDaERUUHBXYXlGbVdWUjNUcU5tWjNvMU5yVVhTeFkyYzNKeloxY1RhWFYzUnZGVVA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ju3mLgq.png" group-title="Music Channel", Fresh TV
http://?PUFuWk85a1d5VmphamxUYnljV2NwSkdheEkxWklsSGJERjBRWmxuZG5oVmIyWkRid0pVTW5aVFMyZ25heTEyTHNObmEwQWxjMmdWTzVwbFNxWmpRUXBtVnZVRVVTbEZiS1oyWVFoSFdzVlhleFVEWmhkSGUwbzBLNFZWZEpCbFNWcGtVdGhuVlN4a1FGbEhheEUwTVhKVGREUmxSdmRIWjI5RU9FQjNWNGcyVlV0aVpsQlhheEJWY3hkbGVxOWlZd1EwWk9kM2NXaG1SNHQwZDNObk5EdEdieWxVVldaMWJ6RUhXTlJ6U3dSV2E2UkROS1ZtWXE5eUtNdHljT1ozWlFoVmVNbFhjNGdtVzIxMlVubGpXTWwyVG1WSGJ5SXpiR0pGYVhwVmVrZG5Z
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1270310_ico.png?ts=1613147977" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Cumilla24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c1zC46V/idYZDje.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", TRT Cocuk TR
http://?PWdIZTE4eVFGMVdhNFExYWtsRFNybEZaWmhtV3RsWFV5UUdhM1EwZHpVWFNtVlZZcnhrTXFCalJ4RlhVNVlVZXI0bWVuSjFUVzlDZXRsa2FGTmxiQkpYYnJjMmRsUmtjeWNVYjBaamR3SmpTNHdtYnE1MlM0azFhVU5uZHQxbVRSSldSMlpFVFlOamVudEdTcUYzTGp4RWJ0bGtTcjQyTDM5U1N3aERUQjVHWmtwVlpFVkViQkZEY0lOR04zWkVOSWxWTXBkblR1VjNiVUpVYXVGWGFHNVdaMWxWUXVaMVY1TVhScWhtWnFwRWRrRkVWMXRVZDBSSFRwZEdWNHcyS3hSRVIwbFVkeFZ6ZEJKSGN5Qmpkc1JGWnMxbU4yWjNVSXRFY1VkMmM1UlRN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Pmq7bGH/Bi8eMX9.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", TRT Muzik TR
http://?PVUzZDBaR1dLWlZja1IzYTRVVmMxVjFkYTVrZXVOSGRLaGtkcWRXY1JGRVZ6a0Vhb0ozVlM5a1pocFhXaUZ6Y0M1VWRCQmpReVVWTjRkalp4WUZSNEUzYllKRFIyWVhkMjVFYVJOMU5xeDJTNHNHV1F4R1Q0aFhWb1IwZGlOelFrSjJUcmgzVnBwRVQ0cDNNMkIzVDJKMGNqOWlkdWhWWTMxa1FURm1XcHQyYlFWR1daUmtiUGRtVDBOelFvbERhYUZsZFZGSGNIUkZleVJXZUxSbVc0MEVhc1ZWVXJrM1V5ZFhVUVJUUlVsa2J1cFZiMlprZW9OM2MwdGthcmtHWnZsbVY2cDNjM0lYZUhwWFR3dENVTXRpUXhZSFdtRm5VcU5rZUZsa1padFdh
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.iipccanada.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/iipc_origin.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", IIPC TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/DancestarTV/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", DanceStar TV
http://?NmhWVllaR2J5b1hOdWxXUkxGWGJzSmxkb2xqWW5wV09xVkdjSWQyVklOa2I0STBheDFXUTI5VWN5RlRiM3R5WXdvV09EdFVUbWx6Y0dGamRxcG1ieVJGVGxsM1ZMMW1ZMjlFWlhSMGIxSW1OM29rYm9WblVaZDJMSFZYUWlkM0xLdGtlUWhtYTZGbVZ5OXlRdkF6TEZCM1VGaFdReUlIYzAwbVdyNEdObjEwVXNKR1V3ZDJUdUJsVTFOR2Uzc2tiNElIVHVOMFZZRlhaNUZuZXlSVU1reDBiSlprVElsa1p2RmtRWmxqY3JRWFRybFViUHQyYjNnVE50SkhkM1pYZUN4MFFzNW1XVVJVYXo5a2Q2Vm5XR3hFY29oR2RyZFVUNWNtTlpKbllQaFZjcm9VZWsxMkx1WldVYVpUYTAxV1d1UkVkeUlGY014VU5SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8Beeu4z.png" group-title="Music Channel", Sunburn TV
http://?MWhWVllaR2J5a1hOdWxXUkxGbmVzSmxkb2xqWXlwV09xVkdjSUIzVklOa2I0SWtieDFXUTI5VWNxRlRiM3R5WXdnV09MZEVXaEpEZUZKVk10SnpMMHBYUlpwMFQzd1dXdDFXU1NWRWJPOW1aVlJETTBSRlNxdFNXc1JYVlNGa1JCbFhjTk5EYzNFMmI0SnpSM2NVWklabmVTZEdWMVZrZVNsV1RwUldTcTlDY3BGRld5b1hlc1Z6S2xOamN0bGxlVmxYU3FSbVR5a2pTUmQzTTZka1Z3VVRid1EwUzJwMEtxaDNiMHRrVlNKSE01VjBLUEprZTBnVVdqSkdWdmxVTjY1MlFKdG1kNXMwUTJsVWVLRmtkdkIzVHpwbVR1aFVkcXhXVEs5aVd6ZDFkaFZGVXZJRVpzUmxOQnBHYTVaWFlZOWlNUHBsYnZFelYzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Balle Balle
http://?eUJITVhSR2VDQm5RU3BFYjU1MGI0WWpNdnBYT3lKSGNrVjBUcWhtWW01VWFEeEVlUFJuYVVGRVZycFViWHBsY2twR2F3VWxiQ0puYkJ4bWRuUmxVNDlDTUZaMlFNbEdUVDlDYzN4bWJWaFRkMGdGTzRsRlZPTm5RbXhXUTJZSFRGRlRibkJsYTJzVU4wUlZaNW9uUUtCM2IxTWpSSFZuZVlKblJrUkhkek5XUXNGRVpLcFhNUVZYZG5KSGRhVlROR2RHZXJaRFN3OTJMa2xIVHdnR1V5ZERkVVJuVGp0MmJ1TlVPeDhTVGo5bWEyUkhXMUZYYnRGa1dFTjBOeWxtV010V09TaG5Sd0FUTTRzU2RSdFNheUFWUzBkVE9vZEdkbnRtWTRrVlVxWmxibDFrWUhaMFVyUkhPdm9sVDBkSFRtUjBWWEJIYTVGMGJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Gabru Tv
http://?dUJITVhSR2VDcG5RU3BFYjU1RWM0WWpNdnBYT3FKSGNrVjBUcXRtWW01VWFEeFVlUFJuYVVGRVZ5cFViWHBsY2t4V2EzRWpjazFrYXc4RVRaWkdleEpFZG4xbVoxa25RdHgwVTRvMWQwbEdaSE5sYXJSVVJ4QmxjemtuZGhKVVMxdEdkVGgyVDBrVFJwSnpVVGhsV1o1V1ZpOVdVak5uYkloalFDSkVTekpUYno0MlFQZDJad2tYT3laV2FRSkhNc1JrUXZoMVVTbDBWek1ITXZ4V1VVUlZjNEkzYndkMWMzOUViaFprTnd3V1lRQm5RaE5HYVVGVE9tSkhPdDUwY2E5U2FHeG1kMk1FVDZoa2FxZHpRM2tUUTVOVk1RNWtTdGgzZG9GbmVKTlRjd2NVVGtaRVZyZGxVMWtqVWtoR09SaERiNEl6Y1JaSGFSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.livefarsi.com/uploads/tv_image/ebc1-tv.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", EBC1 TV
http://?dWhGVnZZMVRwZG5WTzlTWkw1RWFyZ2pXdkJYWXpsSGNyaFhVQ0ozYTJVRWFIWjNiRzl5WlhsMmE0SjNWeWNXYnhvWGFNbDJLWmRuY0lwM001ZERWMEZuV1hOWGMxOEdlU2RqV2lOM2R3NDJWNVJsZHJaRVNwcFVjdmRIU29KMlZWZEVkcVp6WlE5bVU1cDFkUTlpYTJaWFJzMWtjeWd6YXZwVk95TW5kdGhUY05wVU93d0dhaHhXU3pCMVpNZG1UMDlDTzBKa1R4NFVUdzBtZUlGamN2aDNiM3hVUjJVM1p3TldNcXR5S1FObk4xWTFLdEZVYXNsa2F3QmxNd1pXVFBkVlp2Z0hlc2QxUmhsVWEzTURTRjlTV3dwSGNMbHpjYWhYYVhKbGJ2WlRjT2RWVVhwbE1uaFZWc0ZYTkRsSFR3c0NOVkZHY3RSRlNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Animation
http://?PWttWXlsM2R2SVdlMElHTnhJMlVzbEVNc2xWUkRsSFpGRlVPdTlTZEpaRWJzVlRkMTkwWXJRMVp3OUdWaHAyS2sxMmF2ZzJMR1pFVHdORlp2bzFUdlYzZDVOR1R6VURiQ3gyUjFnSGV1RlVSMGwzTGhkbU4yWjJMcjlVZEtka1Z4ODJkcmwzWTRSVFl4a0dkbmwwS3dWRWRORlVSRWwyZHVWVGIzSVZNTnRtUURoMU1tcEhjdUZGZDF3R053aEdPaVJIZVY1MktybERSMkUyY0hOaldya1RWeVJUVDZsMFNSaG1Ua1ZWVlJobmF6SkhOeUYwS3dCVk5UZFVNd2xYTXlKVllJbGphdGh6VUpwVVVwUkhia3BtZG85R1phWjJacmNqYjVBSFRwWkdk
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Classic
http://?cEptYzVkM0xpTkhOaVJUTWlObGRKQkRiWlYwUXhSV1JCZFRWMzgyTEh4RU42bDJaRXRVZEl0bVEzOW1TRDVtWko1V2J0MUVNcjgyYmxwWGNSWlZaMlJtY25sbVRpcG1acm8zTXpVVWFZQkZSNVlUU3RKVlRqZDNUMGhuYVdoVk12Sm5ieEVXVjRRMk5wSkZNelIxVlJ0Mkw1YzBTM01qYXVoR2M1YzFNd1ZWT0JaSE93bFhZSUZrUndFamNPUkhSekpXWW9oM1VRMVdTMWhXZUpoallYUlVkMzlHZVFkamRybEZUbGhWZEZoSGJhOXlSdmxXYzR0U1RIeG1VckZETVJKSGNLSlhTSTlXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Classics
http://?MUptYzVkM0xpVkhOaVJUTWlOVmVKQkRiWlYwUXZSV1JCbHpjdU5uTXdoV01LaEdieTBVTzJvbWJvWldUM3BGUzFWM056bFdWMUZVYTFSemRtUm5Wdk5UUXVWbFM2TkhVcDFXV2xSRmU2VkZkaGREZTBGVFd5bFRkMU1uUVVOV1N4SVVlSkZEZDJaMFV5NTJUMlVFZHdSSFpEcFVhT0psZXpKSE12Z3pUeUZGU0ROV2RGUjNScDVFZVg1V2R2Wm5VSzVXYW5CM1R6WjJhUGhYYTJGRmNVaFdjajFtU21SR2V2RjJOMmxFWkhsV1ZPTjNTMVZXY0NKR09ITkhVeWhXU3ZSemF6ODJZUk5XUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Karaoke
http://?dEptYzVkM0xpcEhOaVJUTWlORmNKQkRiWlYwUXVSV1JCaFRhVXAyVnlNRWFKUm1kUUZHU3prSGM2eDBkSDEyZDRvSFNMRjBTMVZrYVJKVVl4bEhhcGRFYXZZVVo0QW5Wd1prU3ZZR2RVaGtVeFkyUnI5eVQyZEhOcXRHYTFvbVJ6UkhhRXhrUm9wSGJwUlhSRU4zTlhOSFcxRW1lcjVFZFVCelVFTmxXMGwxUTE4bVFhaDNSbmhVTkxaSGM2OVdNRlZuTnlsRmI0WWtkNFpITXhORE9CRm5hMWRETjQ4a1lxaGxRelpIVnZKSGF3RkRUMXRpYnpBWFV4SkhNeTkyUTJkVlpxOUdibEJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing
http://?M0ptYzVkM0xpbEhOaVJUTWlOMWNKQkRiWlYwUXpSV1JCbHpWR1pIV3NCelRHcDJkU3hFUkdWV05uUmxlamRYZFpkR2JSWjJLbmRWYXVkSFptbDBNdjlTVzIxa1VyRTNUelpUT1hWVGE0QURlT0pXTTNWM1pGRjJSdzBtUUxSbFF2SjFjSVZXVUxobFV6QkRSTVpsZGhOWFIyeEdPNUpqZTJvM0wwWjBNd1YyYXJaRlpWWkhSb2huUTY5bWIxdGtZS1JIVDZoM1ZZOTJhSnRtTXdZM1pJcEVkaTlFZHhWMk1xVmtlMU5IT3lFSFJzNW1abDltYlBWRlpHUlZReDVXZERsV1NvNVdVcUJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Underground
http://?PThtWXlsM2R2SW1iMElHTnhJMlV6bEVNc2xWUkROSFpGRlVPaUprZTB0VVQxMGtWczVrWnJJV1IxcEhNMVVIV09SVWF1VjBOYTFtZW9KemFFOUNjQnRXTUhSVFlENTBhcWwzS3hBemR5cEdNbXRtVTNJblpCaDFRRmxFZHZZellwRm1NcE5EUzNoemRVVkhTM05rWVlobmVDRjFRM2gwU3RoRk1SZFhOcm9XU3lOMlFKeGtiTmR6TTVVV2UzSldZUmRsYTF4R1V6RlRiNGhUYXQ1a1JhVjBkNkp6UVpaRVdydzJkS2gxWkhabWR5Y2pkUnBFVndSMUx2Z0hhYWhuVlJ0eVN4cDNjME5sVUtoMVV2VkVSbmxsVTJoWGJ3NFdWMllEZTRrV1FuaDFN
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/flix-280-200.png" group-title="ULS PLus", & Flix HD
http://?cFJFZVo5Q2J5OEdVNWhFU1NoWGJpZGpZNE16WXpoMmRCcDJRUFZYTUM1VU9XaEdkcFozU1dCWFp4RjFSNE0xVUhkWFZUVldadXAxZE9oallDWm5adFZsY2xkVVduNTJWMlkzWWF0eWR6ODBRcklITnBaR01xaG1acmRYUUhsa1FYTm1jcWhFVFpWV1oxaDBZYTlpTXNsM1VTVnpieFJGYnNKM1VXWkRWc2hEYTBNbWNEVlhZWlpuZTFWRWV6STFWNFltY3dSbGF4azJTNXdXYTFvWFpLUjJiaGhWUjJJRU8wUkhheE5rWlVCWFd5ODJUNHRDZHFWVVFCbFZSekZYUWFSRVpUOTJhSWxUYlAxV2NKdGlVRDlHVHdsM1RDcDNieU1YVVNoRWI2OVVlQ2RUUTNsM1EwOTBTbzVVV3RsSE41QURXNE5UYnJJRVpCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/4f/Logo_of_%26_Priv%C3%A9_HD.jpg/220px-Logo_of_%26_Priv%C3%A9_HD.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", & PrivÃƒÂ© HD
http://?NFJFZVo5Q2J5Z0hVNWhFU1NoSGJpZGpZNE16WTJoMmRCcDJRUFpYTUM1VU9XaG1icFozU1dCWFpxRjFSNE0xVUhCSFc0SURlMFJ6YXI5VVV3WTNOb0JITUVsV2J3azNTTUJ6WWFWemRya0RkNVkzUzNkMWR2TlRaSkZuUlpsMlpERmphMUlFT3Y4Mk50SnpkNEpXVTBGM1JFcEVaeVJHY3hkMU0zSWtidUZGT3ZGelI0aFhURDFrVTFsMVpSSnpMbVpXUjBsVmF4Z1VaM2MzWWhSbmJQdFNidFJsTXRoSE13Tm1VUVoxTDFzMlpQcFhkMDlFZUhObVJoVkhiekZETXZBalpYZG1Za05tU3RWRWJDTjJMS1pYVW5WVWVyMEdhamhuWVRGVFpKVlhlM1ZrVHlZSE54cEhVMWhsUjVkR1JLRmxOVUpuZVQ5RVMzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824762_ico.png?ts=1613204084" group-title="Hindi Channel", ZEE BOLLYWOOD
http://?PXNHUjRsMUxzSlRhUWxIU0lKRmV5SjJOaWh6TWpGSGEzRlVhMlpVZXdCMU1MUlVRMFZsUjY1bVJzWm5Ob0YwU0l4MmFVWkRSeHNVYXpaRFNvVkRlNGhYYTBzeU5UaGxjWlpHZUdCMVN4Smpld3dXY3JNWFkyRVVZR1JYZDJkM2J2Wm1SdU5rTllSR08yZEhPbnQyTVFSRmJhSlRUcmgyTnpGVlE1SXpkamRHYVNsRlpRUkVjRzVHYlhOamI1WkVPdk5rY2lsWGJCTjFMNVZXY01GVFJHSnpTNlJUT0xWemJtRm5Ob0pYY3N0Q2I0c1dTaXRDWjBobWRNRkZNRVpuV3ZOV2VZOWljRnBtV0NsRGFzeG1SVHBVU3FOSE5McFhlV2hVY2hGMlZXbGtj
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/zee-anmol-cinema-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", Zee Anmol Cinema
http://?PWdHUjRsMUxzSkRhUWxIU0lKRmUzSjJOaWh6TWpoR2EzRjBhRlJEYzNWa05SMVdZeHRDU3J0R1VxNVdUV2hHV0ZSRGNyRURWa1IyTHRORWFMSlVPMEZYU3ZNalltZGtieWcxWnZJR2E1eEdjVDlTWjNwMmRIaFRUNFJWY1NWWFY2TjFWeVZIZW5WVFp0MUdWS05GV0UxV2VOSnpMUGRHWjJsR2N3a3pOTE5IVzVaR1RaTjNiRlYxUUhCMVk0UkVTSEoyTHZwR2RhcEdNdmswYzZWbVo1WmxheUZXTldaSGMxTjNMTzVFVEhoemNRdG1Rb2hEVDJCRFMyVTFWNEJIU3pCSFp0RkRhdmxuUldoRWRzQlZXTzFFVnpRSE5SUkRkcVpVYkRSRVRyRkVP
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Zing
http://?blJFZVo5Q2J5VUhVNWhFU1NoWGRpZGpZNE16WXBoMmRCdFdSMGMzZEZaVFV0RldicmcwYXJCbGEzMWtWb2hWUjBNWE8zY0ZkbEYyZE9sVlJHbFVhdUpHY0xCVFpDcG1lRFZIVndjMGRMVlZNdHBXTTRCemFsUkVPMVFIYlROMmJVWjJjTEZIV3dVM1p1aG5ZQlprZHFoWGNPaEVWaUZrZVVCelFTTjNWcVIyWnhFRldXQlhaWUJYWjNVemJDVmtlcUIzYXBCRFc1Z0ZVRXBXYXB0VWFLaEVlM2czTVRoblJyWkdSNVFIYVVkSE1xOVVWU3BtZDJkM1NUVmxiNVIyUlJoVmVPNTJRMkVETXpJVWNURmtleVFUUm9wR01RUjJaaXRHZXNkR01oeFVjdnRHVFdCblFxMVViNngyWTFjSFNJMUdPNVVsYkRaRGUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1BYkJsRVJ4VkhScGhWZHJJalQzUkhhYXBVVHFkVmRQOTJjRlJsWjNKMFZFcFZOdmxuV1hOblpySTNhR1IyTjZoMFEzbFhWelFtVG45R1ZrRjJkUnQyYlpaalJDTkRicGxYU0hsbFYyOEdidDVHUnA5MGQ1aHphVFJWU29KbmRYWlhSTGRuTkpGelNwcG5iYWxIYTA4RVJwRlZlQ3RXZHVabk00OTBONHhVYzBNR011SjJLNXhXYndSVU42cFhiNmRWVzRGWGRUaHpNcllsVDZSM2JXRkdlRHhHT2o1MmJ4UTFidE5GVERsVVVzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1BZW9SVWRKbEZUMVpYZHdCM0s1azJObkZtY3F4RWV4RldUT0J6UXBkMVNNVjBiT2hHY2laVFNReEdhNU1GVXloMFFwZG1WUGgwYlRGWFdPdG1NNU1IZW1OR2F0MW1VdFZuV0habmFycDJZVk5uZEpaMFp2SmxaNGtGVDI5MGQ1UVhkVWxHYklsRGN2UmthYVpHVDA0MmM2bHpUQ1JsTTFaM1ZZeFVObEZWZEl0eVFzTkVNcGwzWldoRk1GNUdiYVZrZTJ4bWFzQlZhTmxET3RWR1J3aEhTWk5YVHo5V1FNZEZibkIzUnRaemRzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?cmRWY1VsVmFaVlhTYUoxYTZobGQ2aEdNeGhHTXpwM2N4TW5aazVtU1BGMlNEdGljc1J6Y1pWa04xeDBSaU5YY3pKSFJHbDJSMjlHYkNsRE96WmxidWxtZTZ0U1EzZFdkTFJHV1VwR2R5eDBMMmRqV3ZGalRqOW1jb2hIY1NGVk9yTmpjRnhFWlVoMVowQm5SUVYyYUY5V2R3azNZRmxUYTRsRlRzeFdTeU5WVTFBM1NOWjNWR2htTVNKMWJOOWtaenRtTXpWV1RWcDFOMVlIV3RCekt3UWpjMjFXVklWa1EySmtlMHAxY3VkM1kzMTBRd2dYZEd4MlQyUTJNdlZsYXYwa2MwUVhRSnRXUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1RYTQ4MEtvNW1jc0prU3h3MlpUeDJiNFJrUUVORGR0UjJTd1JXTnVGMVJ6TldOMzFtU2xSV05paFViRWRET0J0a1cxVmxTRkZHVXpJSE9sVmxjM2gxZG9sbVFVZFdabkprV0xORVV2a1diNkptUnB0MGRMTkhUMkUzYTFwR2JvZFdVVFpYVFBSbWNPdFdhSE5XUmhsRVpxMW1RS2hHTXJnWE95WlVldmRuZGpObVFNSlhlbmgyTjB3MExScDNVSkpUV3k5a2VyMW1XaEJWZDFOM1NOQmxaU0JYU1JkMGRRMVdlNEZUZXZOVFFwMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13ZFFoVlVVaEhlcGgyYXFGVlo0RTNUV3BsYjA5MFpvUmtZMlJtVTBwa2Qxb0hUM0ZITnZrelowY2xidFYzUWw1VWN5SlZTdlpIV1NsM1phcEhWNEkzWnpRMWRPRlZWMVJVZDRja1pZUm5kd0ZUWW5aRGIwTkhTekptYnl0eVZ2ZG5leHdtUUs5Q2V4TlhiVEpsUXZGbmF3bG5aMmRVWmhKWGFuaFhPeklHZTBrbFNJcFhkMlJEZVlGVk9hbG1XTkJEU3RwVWRhaHpRTWxtZTRWbU1XTlZjbVpuY01wVlVMTlZkbXBGZFVsVlVyMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13WnJVRlp4ZzBaM1JVY2FaMFp1OUdWclVsYjZSSGQ0azNZbkYzUnZOR2NaTjNOQmRXTnZWRVNESmtiM1pYWmpkM2F4dEVPNkJuYXJZblNHWkRTeFlIYjQ1MGR1eFdPdWhGTnJJMUxyaEdXckVYVTRaRmNhVlZPdlFXV24xVVVybzFOWHBHWmFGMVRHbDFjczFFY2haR2NwRkVOMFZYUTJ4R2VWVkdNelFUY1dselRVVkVlcFpqU3pkMFpObDJWM2hFVm5KVWRxZG1VVEZFU3BKWFp4TmthcGhuYVFaellqaDBiNXNHZDVOMFp2MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13YVpaalV5UWpRMDFtVEtaMmFEcDNiUU5YUjRJVGI0SlhOSUZGYXpKMUxEOVdUdklYUkhGMFVKVkhicE5tUmlabFd5cEZXVlpUU1o5V1FDTjFVemtqY2hsMlkxVVZaNk5UUXlobU1TOVdVckFIU081MGN6WXpOVXhXZDNsV1dUTm1NTmQzWURCalQzTjFaVmhYUTNnRmU1QjFNMU1UU3VsSFprcEhPclVIY1pGWFVGRm5lcVpYY1ZCRE40UVhNeWQyVHdGRGNJSjNUcWxtTm9Sek5WQlRUU2hHVWtObGJMVjBiRGhsU1lGVVFwMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", LiveTV HD
http://?NlpIZFBCRFYzaEdWd05EVnpZVGMwTTJjMzFXYW5oMFppUjFjaGgzVmtoamV3a3piSUowWUJKa2JwZDNURHhrUTRjMlkza0RhNW9uZXVOa2VCSkVkeU5HU3hkVWNTbDNLRmx6TU9aMWRvbHpNUU5XT3RORk5rUmpSNVkzY1FWbWFrUmphNlJEYXJkSGVwZFhjM2wyUllsM1NLTlZOck4xYWp4VWVyUlVlcTVXU3ZKVVJ0aEhOS05GU1dKRGR1NUVUMVZHYzRwWFFSaDNMeDgyS2pSelRvWm1hRnAwY3prR1J5WkRadnhrTXNCM1p2b2xNS05FYUpGR2FDOUVjc05UVFZKa1kxVUhVdkJUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S0GrDsQ.png" group-title="Music Channel", Balkanika Music TV
http://?eFZtZFZaM2RIbDJNVmQxTUh0VWNScG5SVWgyTjZaR2NzdFdXMDhtZElWVmVYQjFkMVFWTzRJM015RlZOdWhWYndCM1ZSSldielFGYXNaMFVGWlVlc2hYZVZ0bVZRbDNjQk5rWU1samR5TW5keEVYWTVGR05tWkRNTkJuUXBwVk5ENWtlalpVVHlOalQ1RkZOa1YzTFcxMmN4VWxUc1JUZHlvbllCTmxSMWhqY1cxR2JwbDJZYWhsWndNMmRCbDBkV1ZFTXZWbVVzRmpleTVtTVV0Q05xdGtlbTlrY3lOMk54OTBTM1lEWmk5R2F3cG1hTDUyWndwV1NKNTBZNkZFVzNBRFdWeFdONVVVUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13ZERSR1I1VUhXcU4wYjRFalJrOVdSQkIxVFFaemRWZGplNXNFTTQxbWQzNVdVS0JYUTVSRmJOZFRkdGRFU1JOMFEzRkVlWmxqTkJsbVE0UnpMUWhXZWFaMlpDMUdUc2xEWk5KRld5c21XdUZqUW1SbGRKWnpRMWtGUnV0V1R5RW5VUXBuYm9GMVJDcDFjNFpYYXZJSE5wWldkS3BWT3ZaWGVQUmtaSWhrYXhNVFNZUmtVMHhrTUlOMlJRSlhVaFJqVW1WRGMzSW1ha2xHTXNaWGNHaFZXcjAyUXBGWFN0ZFhhcklGVmlkWFFyMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1RYkVWVWNyZ1RlcmxYYW1kVVozc21Ta1psVHRaR2FVeDBMRzVXWTRsRFRGWkdScFZYT3hnVWQyOVNlV3hVUWtsMVJ3NW1lRmRITklKWFJRWkZieklUY1V0VVM1Y2plclpuWkVKVGN6dzJMcmwyVUtCVGI1SkRPWE5VVzM5a1VyUkZPRHBIVHlRamMzcGxhSE5WVFNsa1luQlhRVTlXYnlvM1IzNTJTbHhHZUw5bVM2SlRUc0pUY25sME52UW5kUmxYU3FCMWRQSjBhbGRHTXVGV1JTWkhjNTRtTnZrWGFhcEZkbk5EYnpCMWQzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT13YnJSMmN6Um1UNnRDY29sVVlNUkhWMFlUZEhKWGFoOVdld1JUYXoxMk5xaDJNVWhYUnhFVlJHdFNkTEJUZVd0V1VxcDBWV0JqWnVkM2FKQjFWdEprZERKalRDSkRWd2xEVHNKVFJWSlhReUprU2poMmE0TkVaRVpYTnBwbU5vUkVUNHhXVnBCSFNGUkZlSnRHTnE5V1J4aDFONWxYT0ZSbmVUdEdTWXRFZEg5VWFYTjJTdk5uZEJkelFyaG5jc0ZtZXFKM2FNNTJhNVpHTXlKemIzY0VaTmRYVG5WemN3UUZiQkJuYVFKM2R6MVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1nYnYwa1N3UmtSekZsV2paR2IzZzNScmhVUjZwbGJIaEZWSGhGVnFKVFVORmpTc2hHZDRaMFZyNG1iWHBsVldSMmF5TmpNaVpEY1FwblQyc0NWdlZrYzBKalpYbGpTdVZYTkp0RVZCUjNWUmRYVXVObGNQdFNVUE5rWTFCSGR2bEVaRGRITndsV00zUW5kRWhrY0Q1a1JyVnphSlozVlFsM2R4UUhjeGhXYTJNWFpNNVdPcVJEV1RWemI0a1daM05tV3l0Q2VDTlRXb1oxWTJabVV4MGtkcmtIZUhObFNScDJjaUpqZXFaWFFwMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Radio Contact Vision
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?PT1nZG10MmNRSkVPMXgwTjJKR2U1RTNkc04xYkdObWNKcFZTRTl5ZHo5eVl0bG5VeGMyS1Z4MmFTVldhYVprWmhoelJwVlZTeGgxY05GblR3Z3pLVmxuZHlORk96OFdRcVJUYk14RVRpQlhjNWRrUURobWI0SkhWemNtUnR0Mlo1VmxZRmhtV3hva04zWm5kYU5tY1Zwa1cyUjJTUjlpVG5wR2VtMUVPdmdGZGpaMlNtZERUbkYwTDNrbWI0TlhjS3RrTTRGVGJabDNhRTFFZW5sMGNteFVPdlpYT3ZBMU5JVmtiMVpWZUtsV1ExMVRQ
